May I thank the Leader of the House for reminding me of the mistakes of the previous Government in not coming to the Floor of the House?
I would have hoped that this Government had learned from the mistakes that have just been highlighted.
To try to defend what you criticise is not a way forward.
I am trying to ensure that Members on both sides of the House are allowed to question Ministers first, rather than watching announcements on Sky News.
It is interesting that the SDR has been offered to journalists but that the Members here have not had the chance to see it.
I agree with the Leader of the House, and I thank her again for reminding me, but let us now see the Government treat this House in the way that I expect.
Will you take a point of order now, Mr Speaker?
No, I will not, because we have to wait till the end, as you well know, Sir Roger, as one of the most senior Members.
I think my right hon.
Friend the Leader of the House is right to remind us of the many breaches of this rule by Her Majesty’s Government when the Conservative party was in power.
However, in the middle of this mud-slinging, let me raise a still small voice of calm.
The current Prime Minister pledged to be more transparent, open and proper in government.
Will my right hon.
Friend go back to the Cabinet and remind it that proper scrutiny in this House first, with untrammelled questions for an hour or more at a time, is more scrutiny than the Government would get in a press conference and is the proper place to do this?
I hope she will take that message back, so that statements such as the one we are about to hear are given on the Floor of the House first.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
As she will know from the many times I have said it before, I do regularly remind the Cabinet that this is an important aspect of being a Cabinet Minister, or indeed a Minister.
We are doing our very best to make sure that there are regular oral statements to this House on important matters and that they are brought here first.
In the absence of an oral statement, there is a written ministerial statement, of which notice is given the day before so that colleagues have ample time, as she says, to properly scrutinise all these announcements.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
It is incredibly disappointing to find ourselves here to discuss this issue yet again, but this time on the vital matter of national security and defence.
There was a remarkably similar urgent question before recess, and it was disappointing then, as it is now, to hear the Leader of the House attempt to justify not bringing major announcements to the Floor of the House first by citing the number of statements the Government have already given to Parliament.
The ministerial code is clear: the Government do not get to pick and choose which significant statements they do or do not make to the House; whenever possible, they should be doing it every single time.
While I agree with the premise of the question from the shadow Leader of the House, I must say that it is a bit rich given the Conservatives’ appalling record of doing exactly the same thing when they were in government.
However, that does not let the current Government off the hook.
Will the Leader of the House please confirm that the Government will comply with the ministerial code, or shall we expect to do this little dance every week?
Surely this time would be better spent making a statement to the House.
I thank the hon.
Member for that.