Could I be counterintuitive for a moment and make a New Labour point?
The cause of a lot of illegal migration is the fact that it is easier to work here illegally than anywhere else in Europe, and that is because we do not have national identity cards.
The Gordon Brown Government, quite wisely, were going to bring them in, and the coalition Government wrongly stopped that idea.
Why should we not have national consensus now on bringing in national identity cards, given that we all carry mobile phones?
It would dramatically reduce illegal working.
I am reeling at the New Labour point that the Father of the House has made.
E-visas basically give us the capacity to do a similar thing, and they are easily checked, which is why, in the border security Bill, we are extending those checks to the gig and zero-hours economy.
Around our asylum hotel on Blackpool seafront, we see increased illegal working in our takeaways, bars and restaurants.
Will the Minister outline to my constituents how this Government are tackling that illegal working, to ensure that we have safe spaces for people in the jobs in our vital tourism industry?
We are tackling illegal working by significantly increasing enforcement.
That is why we have had a 40% increase in visits and a 42% increase in the number of arrests for illegal working.
There are fines of £60,000 per illegal worker discovered, and those who are discovered working illegally can be arrested and put on the route to deportation.
Surely the best way to tackle illegal working is to make more legal opportunities.
The “island of strangers” immigration policy will cause huge issues for the workforce in Scotland; the care service says that it could threaten the whole sector.
Asylum seekers waiting for their case to be processed are in effect an unused resource.
Why not shorten the time that asylum seekers have to wait before being allowed to work, to bring some relief to such sectors?
We are shortening the time that it takes to process asylum claims by getting the system that we inherited from the Conservatives working again.
That is why there has been a 63% increase in the number of initial claims processed.
That follows a 70% fall in the period before the last election.
If she will establish a national statutory inquiry into rape gangs.
Child sexual exploitation and abuse are the most horrific crimes, and the Government are taking decisive action to ensure that victims and survivors of grooming gangs get the justice that they deserve.
We are delivering on the key recommendations of the seven-year independent inquiry into child sexual abuse, including the recommendation on mandatory reporting; we have asked all police forces in England and Wales to review historical cases in which no further action was taken, and to reopen investigations; and we have commissioned Baroness Louise Casey to conduct a national audit of the nature and scale of grooming gangs and this offending in this country.
We will leave no stone unturned in the pursuit of truth and justice.
Senior figures in the Catholic Church and the Church of England were found to have conspired to cover up child abuse by priests.
Senior figures in the Labour party are now opposing local inquiries in places such as Bradford, London and Wales, and Ministers here oppose a national rape inquiry.
We have also heard from a former Labour Member of Parliament, Simon Danczuk, that he was told not to raise the issue of the ethnicity of some of the perpetrators.
When will Labour put aside its electoral interests and stand on the side of the abused?
The idea that I or the Prime Minister have ever put anything other than the interests of the victims of grooming gangs at the heart of everything that we have ever worked for is, frankly, for the birds.