We have also heard from a former Labour Member of Parliament, Simon Danczuk, that he was told not to raise the issue of the ethnicity of some of the perpetrators.
When will Labour put aside its electoral interests and stand on the side of the abused?
The idea that I or the Prime Minister have ever put anything other than the interests of the victims of grooming gangs at the heart of everything that we have ever worked for is, frankly, for the birds.
We have increased the number of arrests of the perpetrators that the right hon.
Gentleman talks about.
We will continue to pursue these violent, abusive, vicious abusers through the courts—through justice—and I will continue to take my counsel not from him but from the victims in this country.
Whether her proposal to increase the standard qualifying period for settlement to 10 years would apply retrospectively.
Settlement in the UK is a prerequisite for becoming a British citizen, and  it is also an important step in integrating and contributing to local communities and the country.
The White Paper proposes an expansion of the points-based system to increase the standard qualifying period for settlement to 10 years.
Individuals will have the opportunity to reduce the qualifying period based on their contributions to the UK economy and society.
We will consult on the earned settlement scheme later this year; after that we will provide details of how the scheme will work, including in respect of any transitional arrangements for those already in the UK.
Kamala moved to the UK in 2021 as a skilled worker in my Oxfordshire constituency.
They worked to discover novel drugs for diseases with no current treatment.
They are an additional rate taxpayer and have made many professional and personal ties here.
The sudden increase to the qualifying period from five to 10 years has plunged hard-working people like Kamala into uncertainty about their future.
Will the Minister meet me to understand the impact of the policy not just on workers like Kamala but on the Government’s wider science and research objectives?
The changes are indeed important.
We recognise how important they are to people and will listen to what people tell us in the consultation.
After that we will provide details of how the scheme will work, including in respect of any transitional arrangements for those already in the UK.
My constituent Emily asked me to raise this issue in the House only yesterday, so I am taking the first opportunity to do so.
Emily is a carer and has cared for a number of people across the Harlow community.
Will the consultation on the earned settlement scheme take into account the hugely important role that carers, sometimes from overseas, do to support the most vulnerable in our communities?
Indeed, carers, including those who have come from overseas, do important work to support us, our families and our communities.
My hon.
Friend will recognise that, as I have said, it is important for us to ensure that people’s voices can be heard in the consultation.
We recognise that settlement is an important step in integrating and contributing to local communities and families.
Under the current system, people primarily qualify for settlement on the basis of their length of time in the UK, but we also believe that people should be contributing to the economy and society before they gain settled status in our country.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Another group for whom the immigration White Paper is creating uncertainty is refugee families.
Family reunion is a vital route by which refugees can safely reach the UK, free from the grasps of criminal trafficking gangs.
The Government should be looking for more ways to facilitate refugee family reunion, not hindering it.
It is unclear how the White Paper’s reforms on English language requirements will apply to refugee family reunion.
Will the Minister acknowledge the needs of this unique and vulnerable group?