My hon.
Friend is exactly right to raise that serious crime.
Honest, hard-working tradespeople in communities across the country are being robbed of their livelihoods as a result of this kind of crime.
That is why we are working with the National Police Chiefs’ Council on how we target the serious and organised crime that is often behind such equipment and tool theft, and putting neighbourhood police back on the streets in communities, so they can both work on prevention and go after the criminals responsible.
Under the previous Government, the number of PCSOs more than halved in Warwickshire.
Indeed, in summer 2023, local teachers were forced to police a park in Warwick and Leamington after a knife gang terrorised pupils, stealing their bikes.
More widely, constituents are fed up with crime and antisocial behaviour; 50% say that they have been personally impacted by crime in the past five years.
Will the Home Secretary outline how the Government will address these crimes and make our streets safer for everyone?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the importance of PCSOs as well as police officers in neighbourhood teams working to prevent crime.
He is also right to raise concerns.
Over the last two years of the previous Government, both street theft and shoplifting increased by more than 60%, at the same time as neighbourhood police were cut.
We are putting the bobbies back on the beat.
This week, I will be meeting eight new community police officers who begin their roles on the beat thanks to the Government’s investment through the national policing guarantee.
Does the Home Secretary agree that investing in community policing is the best way to tackle so much of the crime that blights our communities?
Will she join me in wishing these vital officers all the best as they begin their new roles?
My hon.
Friend is right to welcome the additional neighbourhood police in Thurrock.
She will know that that is part of 74 additional neighbourhood police officers across Essex just this year, as a result of our neighbourhood policing guarantee, and we will go beyond that.
She is right, too, that local police who know what the problems are in Thurrock and across Essex are crucial to tackling local crime.
Across neighbourhoods in my Earley and Woodley constituency I have seen too many incidents of electric bikes and electric scooters being ridden dangerously, including on pavements.
Residents have told me of collisions in areas such as Woodley Precinct and Kennet Island.
I have been raising the issue with Thames Valley police, and I am very glad to hear the Home Secretary’s announcement of 68 neighbourhood officers across our  region, but what more can she and the Home Office do to support the work of the police in cracking down on dangerous riders?
My hon.
Friend is right: we need to make sure that Thames Valley has the 68 additional neighbourhood police just this year and give them the powers they need.
That is why we are strengthening the Crime and Policing Bill both on dangerous cycling and dangerous riding, and giving the police stronger powers to take e-scooters and off-road bikes literally off the roads.
I recently met the chief constable of West Mercia to discuss neighbourhood policing.
The West Mercia area covers Worcestershire, Herefordshire and Shropshire, and the word is that the integrated care board reorganisation will split that area into one that covers Warwickshire and one that covers some of Shropshire.
I have had a letter from the police and crime commissioner citing the chief constable’s concerns that amid that reorganisation and the local government reorganisation, safeguarding the most vulnerable and children could fall between the cracks.
Will the Home Secretary have a word with her Cabinet colleagues to ensure that does not happen?
The hon.
Member makes a really important point, because having links between local services is crucial.