I am very happy to look at this matter with my hon.
Friend.
The Home Secretary was asked a question about Lord Hermer of Chagos, as he perhaps ought to be known.
Why did she not answer it, and will she do so now?
Lord Hermer does not decide sentencing—he has a particular role as the Attorney General.
The right hon.
Gentleman, as a very experienced Member of this House, will know the way in which the system works.
For the final question, I call Harpreet Uppal.
At a recent roundtable on violence against women and girls hosted by the Mayor of West Yorkshire, we heard from local organisations that do outstanding work but are hampered by short-term funding, as well as from a brave survivor who shared her experiences.
They specifically asked for the Government to commit to strategic investment.
Will the Minister review contracts with the sector so they are multi-year and take a long-term view of service delivery and preventive work?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point that short-term funding massively hampers the sector.
The vast majority of violence against women and girls funding comes from local authorities and, in fact, other Departments, but I will absolutely commit to looking at how the Home Office manages its contracts to ensure sustainability.
Before we come to the next piece of business, I will make a brief statement.
This morning, the Government published the strategic defence review.
The Prime Minister made a speech and held a press conference in Glasgow, in addition to other media appearances.
That follows several days of media briefing.
I am disappointed that, once again, the Government appear to have breached the principle set out in paragraph 9.1 of the “Ministerial Code” that
“When Parliament is in session, the most important announcements of government policy should be made in the first instance in Parliament.”
I recognise that the timing of policy announcements is not always wholly within the Government’s control.
There may be a need to co-ordinate announcements on international trade with trading partners, for example, or announcements may be delayed by last-minute legal intervention.
The announcement of the SDR, however, was wholly at the Government’s discretion, so it is highly regrettable that Ministers have chosen, once again, to hold a major media event before coming to the House.
That shows complete disregard for the House and for hon.
Members.
I note that Ministers, when they were in opposition, were not slow to complain when previous Governments made major policy announcements outside Parliament.
In fact, the SDR was due at Easter, so I am sure that a day would not have mattered.
I am not responsible for compliance with the ministerial code, which is a matter for the Prime Minister—it is the Government’s code, not the House’s code—but I regard this as a particularly blatant breach.
I have invited  the hon.
Member for North Dorset (Simon Hoare)  to consider whether the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee might usefully inquire into the matter.
Ministers are elected as Members of Parliament first, before they get their ministerial roles, so they should recognise the importance of the House.
It is amazing that, in opposition, Members think that everything should be discussed on the Floor of the House, but when they are in government, their memories are short on that point.
I have been here through many SDRs.
In fact, in one of the major SDRs with Lord Robertson, we did not even know the effect on everybody’s constituency until it was read out from that Dispatch Box.
What has changed?
I will tell you what has changed: the disregard for Members who sit on the Back Benches.
I am here to defend those on the Back Benches, so please, I hope we have no more of this.
All I would say is that it is the Government’s ministerial code.
They should be ashamed of not enforcing it.
We now come to the urgent question.