Will the Home Secretary have a word with her Cabinet colleagues to ensure that does not happen?
The hon.
Member makes a really important point, because having links between local services is crucial.
We will ensure that the Home Office looks into and takes up the points she raises, so we can ensure strong local partnerships working to tackle crime.
Last week, I visited many retail businesses in North Devon that are suffering from prolific shoplifting.
This is a big problem across the country.
Will the Home Secretary explain what she is doing to help police forces resource the tackling of shoplifting and dealing with antisocial behaviour?
The hon.
Member is right.
There has been an increase in shoplifting in recent years, at the same time as neighbourhood policing numbers have fallen.
As a result of the neighbourhood policing guarantee, there will be 110 additional neighbourhood police officers and PCSOs in Devon and Cornwall police over the next 12 months.
That is important, but we are also strengthening their powers to tackle shoplifting.
Will the Home Secretary acknowledge the role that special constables play in neighbourhood policing, and does she agree that granting special constables the right to unpaid time from their employment to perform their duties would assist in their recruitment?
The hon.
Member makes a really important point about the role of specials.
We want them to be able to play a much stronger role, not just in neighbourhood policing but across the board.
People who take time out to be part of police forces can bring all kinds of additional skills.
We are working on what more can be done to support specials and their recruitment, which has plummeted in recent years.
It is important that that trend is turned around.
In North Ascot, neighbourhood police have been out on the streets trying to clamp down on pavement parking, which forces disabled and vulnerable people on to the roads and into dangerous situations.
Will the Home Secretary outline what more could be done to help neighbourhood police when it comes to pavement parking?
The hon.
Member will know that neighbourhood police understand the challenges in each area, whether it be in North Ascot or other parts of the country, and local police can target those issues and work with local councils.
There are different rules for different councils, so combined work between the council and the police is the best way to tackle local crime.
I call the shadow Minister.
Six of Britain’s most senior police officers have warned that the Government’s actions are making it harder to keep our streets safe.
From the damaging jobs tax to releasing criminals early, Labour is pushing forces to the brink.
Does the Home Secretary agree with Met Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley that he will be forced to cut 1,700 police officers, PCSOs and staff this year?
I gently remind the hon.
Member that thousands of police and PCSOs were taken off our streets under the Conservatives.
That is why the number of people who say that they never see the police in their communities doubled under the Conservatives.
This Government are turning that around, with 3,000 additional police on our streets this year alone.
That includes 470 more neighbourhood police on London’s streets.
We did not get to whether Mark Rowley was right or wrong, and I notice that the Home Secretary forgot to mention the hundreds of millions being gobbled up by Labour’s jobs tax, or the fact that police numbers reached record levels under the last Government.
That aside, the National Police Chiefs’ Council has published its anti-racism commitment, saying that racial equality does not mean treating everyone the same or being colour blind, and calling for arrest rates to be artificially engineered to be the same across racial groups.
Does the Home Secretary agree that the police should respond to people’s actions regardless of race?
If so, why did the policing Minister endorse this barmy document?