The Metropolitan Police Commissioner warned last week that the Home Secretary will not meet her laudable targets on neighbourhood policing, tackling knife crime and tackling violence against women and girls without additional investment.
Can she reassure my constituents that they will see the bobbies on the beat that she has promised, or will they see only the Chancellor’s iron fist?
I can tell the hon.
Lady that more than 400 additional neighbourhood police officers will be on the streets in London this year as a result of our neighbourhood policing guarantee.
There is increasing concern in my constituency that a number of Deliveroo riders are subcontracting to unregistered riders, some of whom are working illegally.
Will the Minister say what is being done to crack down and ensure that all Deliveroo riders are registered and are not here working illegally?
There is an amendment to the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill that extends the requirement to check illegal working to the  gig economy, the zero-hours economy and all those areas that have non-traditional employer-employee relationships.
I look forward to being able to operationalise that when the Bill becomes law.
Regarding non-crime hate incidents and the amount of police time taken to investigate them, does the Minister agree that the clue is in the name?
They are “non-crime”.
Does she also agree that already stretched police should focus their efforts on tackling real crime, rather than being the virtue-signalling thought police?
The Home Secretary has been very clear about the priorities that police forces should actually focus on.
As agreed with the Home Secretary, the National Police Chiefs’ Council and the College of Policing are conducting a review of non-crime hate incidents.
We will update Parliament in due course on the findings of that review and any changes that may be required to the code of practice introduced by the shadow Home Secretary in March 2023.
Doncaster East’s neighbourhood policing team recently seized multiple stolen offroad bikes using tactics including drones and high-visibility patrols.
Its swift action has made a real difference in tackling antisocial behaviour in places such as Hatfield and Dunscroft.
I commend the team on its work and the public support it has received through its “Where’s the bike” campaign.
In the light of that, I ask the Minister about the progress around the neighbourhood policing guarantee and when Doncaster East and the Isle of Axholme can see named police officers in their towns—
Order.
I welcome the work that South Yorkshire police has been doing and the Doncaster East neighbourhood policing team going after the offroad bikes, which cause havoc and are a total nightmare in the community.
They are getting additional neighbourhood police as part of the neighbourhood policing guarantee, and we will give them stronger powers to keep the streets safe.
Leicestershire police has signed a reported £800,000 contract with Palantir—a company that has a worrying history of racial profiling and surveillance concerns in the USA.
It has since removed all the contract details from the public record, and the Home Office holds no central records of such a deal.
What reassurances can the Home Secretary give that the people of Leicester are protected from intrusive and discriminatory policing practices?
How can transparency and oversight be upheld in such partnerships where no central records are kept?
I wonder whether the hon.
Gentleman might write to me with the details of what he has outlined.
If so, I will look at them.
I thank the Home Secretary and the Prime Minister for visiting my constituency last week after the horrific incident following  the Liverpool football club victory parade.
Will the Home Secretary join me in congratulating the emergency services on acting so swiftly, but also in condemning the Reform UK party and the far right for trying to stoke up hatred?
Can she explain how her Department will tackle this misinformation to prevent further action in future?
I join my hon.