Will the Home Secretary join me in congratulating the emergency services on acting so swiftly, but also in condemning the Reform UK party and the far right for trying to stoke up hatred?
Can she explain how her Department will tackle this misinformation to prevent further action in future?
I join my hon.
Friend in saying a huge thank you to all the first responders—those who I met last week, but also many more who were involved in a very swift response that undoubtedly saved lives that day.
It was a day of huge joy across the city of Liverpool that ended in a horrific incident, but I know from her constituency and across Liverpool that it is a city where communities come together in the face of the greatest difficulties and show their strength as a community.
I call the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.
Can I draw the Home Secretary’s attention to the amendment I have tabled to the Crime and Policing Bill, which would extend the definition of exploitation in the Modern Slavery Act to include orphanage trafficking?
It is a horrific crime that affects about 5 million children across the world, and it is something we need to recognise in our legislation.
The Chair of the Select Committee raises a very important point.
I know that she has a strong interest in this issue that goes back many years, and has taken strong action herself on modern slavery.
We will look at the amendment she has tabled, and are happy to discuss it with her further.
Last week, my whole community was shocked and appalled to hear about the stabbing of a 15-year-old boy in Cribbs Causeway.
Thankfully, he is stable, and I know we will all be thinking of him and his family at this time.
Three 16-year-old boys have been charged.
Could the Minister please set out what steps the Government are taking to tackle knife crime, including among young people who could have much brighter futures?
I convey all thoughts to the family of the victim in this awful stabbing case, and all of those affected across the community.
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the deep concerns that exist about the number of young people getting drawn into serious violence—we are seeing this across the board.
That is why the Young Futures prevention programme is so important, and why we need to work to prevent this by strengthening the law on child criminal exploitation.
As I speak, there is a removal van outside the illegal immigrant hotel in my constituency—let us hope they are moving them out, not moving more in.
Can the Secretary of State assure my constituents that these illegal immigrants are not being dispersed in the community, being housed in houses in multiple occupation owned by private landlords, and will she advise me on where they will be housed?
Anyone who is in a hotel is someone who has claimed asylum, and whose asylum claim is pending.
They are not necessarily illegal immigrants at all, and the hon.
Lady should make that position clear.
Last year, Dr Mohammed Mohsen was offered a position in the acute medicine department at Royal Cornwall hospital in my constituency.
He was due to start that role last year, but due to the ongoing conflict and travel restrictions in Gaza, he has been unable to travel to the UK.
Would the Minister meet me to consider his case, as he requires urgent assistance?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this matter, and I am very happy to meet her.
The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office is working to ensure that those who need to leave Gaza, and are able and eligible to do so, are supported in that.
I am very happy to look at this matter with my hon.
Friend.
The Home Secretary was asked a question about Lord Hermer of Chagos, as he perhaps ought to be known.