We want to make it much easier for the police, so that it is one strike and out.
I thank the Home Secretary for her response.
In Kent we are using section 59 powers to confiscate bikes, including in Snodland and Walderslade in my constituency.
However, the police have stated that  the legislation is not powerful enough, and that they welcome powers to seize bikes.
Can we ensure that police inspectors and police and crime commissioners are given guidance and that the number of vehicles seized is monitored, so that we can stop this problem once and for all?
My hon.
Friend is right; we need to ensure that the police have the powers that they need and are able to act swiftly.
We want to make it easier for them to crush bikes more quickly as well as to seize them and take them off the streets, and that requires additional neighbourhood police.
In Kent, that means an additional 65 neighbourhood police officers, and there are similar numbers for Hampshire.
Many residents in my constituency complain about motorcycle noise from illegally modified exhausts.
Can the Home Secretary inform me of her plans to help local police and local authorities address this nuisance?
The hon.
Member is right to raise this issue.
Noise and speed are used deliberately in order to harass people and intimidate local residents.
It is disgraceful antisocial behaviour, and it is really unfair on local families.
That is why we need to give the police stronger powers to clamp down on it.
Off-road bikes are often used illegally across private farmland, causing damage to crops, spooking animals and leaving farmers feeling scared and vulnerable.
While the Crime and Policing Bill includes a provision to make it easier for the police to seize vehicles associated with antisocial behaviour, Avon and Somerset police has little or no resource to police rural crimes properly.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to stop the illegal use of off-road bikes on farmland?
As well as strengthening the law, we are working with the National Police Chiefs’ Council on a stronger rural crime strategy.
I can tell the hon.
Lady that Avon and Somerset police will be getting 70 additional neighbourhood police officers across the area this year as a result of the neighbourhood policing guarantee.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle violence against shop workers in rural areas.
Under the previous Government, shop theft was allowed to reach epidemic proportions.
There was a 70% increase in the last two years of the previous Government.
We are working hard to tackle this epidemic in every area of our country, including rural areas.
Through our Crime and Policing Bill, we are introducing a new stand-alone offence of assault against a retail worker.
We will not tolerate workers facing abuse and violence simply for doing their job, whether that is in towns or in rural areas.
Convenience stores are at the heart of our communities and provide employment for over 700 people in shops in North West Leicestershire, but workers often face abuse.
When I visited one of my  local shops recently, I was told that just a few days earlier the assistant manager had been punched in the face when he was just doing his job.
Although the assault had been reported, the police had yet to pay a visit.
Will the Minister share her plans to support rural policing in constituencies such as mine, so that we can tackle violence against shop workers?
May I express my concern about the attack on my hon.
Friend’s constituent?
It is totally unacceptable.
Under the retail crime action plan, the police made operational commitments to prioritising attendance where violence had been used.
Some progress has been made, but much more needs to be done.
I will ensure that every police force understands how seriously the Government take this offence.