Surely this time would be better spent making a statement to the House.
I thank the hon.
Member for that.
I will make no apology for the fact that we are doing lots of things—we are making lots of announcements, and we are delivering the change the country voted for—and that does bring with it competing demands.
As I say, when the House is in session, statements and updates will be made to this House first.
Sometimes that will be via a written ministerial statement and sometimes it will be by an oral statement—it depends.
We also have to balance statements with the rest of the day’s business.
I would point out to colleagues that we have an important Second Reading debate today, with dozens and dozens of Members down to speak.
We are now having two urgent questions before a very important statement and then other business as well.
We do have to balance these things in the House’s interests, but the statement is being made to the House today.
The Defence Secretary will shortly be in his place, and I am sure he will spend a long time answering questions on it.
I am sure that criticism was not aimed at me for granting two UQs.
The reason I have granted two UQS is that the Government did not come here first with the strategic defence review.
If they had, we would not be having the UQs and there would be no pressure on time.
Trust, integrity and transparency must be the watchwords of our politics, but those principles were worn extremely thin under the previous Government.
What steps is the Leader of the House taking to redouble our commitment to trust and integrity, because our constituents expect no less?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question, and I do find it slightly strange that Conservative Members seem to think that they are somehow now the upholders of parliamentary democracy and standards in Parliament.
I am afraid that some of us have much longer memories.
We are taking steps to raise standards, behaviour and the culture in this House, and indeed to make sure that the House is respected.
I call the Chair of the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee.
I think the word the Leader of the House was looking for was “sorry”.
There is much in this place which, as we know, is complicated and arcane, but the ministerial code is crystal clear on this point.
The job of the Leader of the House is to represent this place and Back Benchers of all parties around the Cabinet table to make sure that this place hears things of such vital importance first.
As important as public transport is, may I suggest that the defence of the realm is a little more important than the Government’s buses Bill, which will have no Divisions this evening?
Will the Leader of the House please tell us why she thinks No.
10 is getting this so wrong and what she is doing to try to put it right?
I am certainly sorry if members of the media have been given sight of the SDR ahead of Members of this House.
My understanding is that it is being published for the first time in this House today.
As I said earlier, we have put on a statement; that was always our intention.
We were always going to have a major statement today on the SDR and that is indeed what we have done.
Even though there is other important business today, MPs from across the House will have ample opportunity—I am sure they will take that opportunity—to scrutinise the Defence Secretary not only today but on future occasions via Select Committees and elsewhere.
I declare an interest, as a member of the Modernisation Committee.