That aside, the National Police Chiefs’ Council has published its anti-racism commitment, saying that racial equality does not mean treating everyone the same or being colour blind, and calling for arrest rates to be artificially engineered to be the same across racial groups.
Does the Home Secretary agree that the police should respond to people’s actions regardless of race?
If so, why did the policing Minister endorse this barmy document?
The shadow Minister is, as he knows, talking nonsense.
The police have to police without fear or favour; that is the standard that they apply and sign up to.
I am really sorry that he wants to undermine the important work of police across the country, just as his party in government undermined the number of police on the streets—took them off the streets—so we ended up with thousands fewer police on our streets.
This Government are finally putting them back into communities and back on the beat where they belong.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Peaceful protest is a fundamental right in any free society, but for protests to remain safe and orderly, a visible, well-trained and effective police presence is often needed on top of existing  neighbourhood police teams.
Cities such as Manchester are seeing rising numbers of demonstrations, which the combined authority estimates will cost up to £2 million this year to police.
While the Met receives specific grants to cover the cost of policing protests, Greater Manchester police receives no such allocation.
That is not only unfair to my constituents, but unsustainable.
In the light of the worries highlighted by police leaders about their funding being cut in the upcoming spending review, can the Home Secretary ensure that areas such as Greater Manchester receive the funding they need to police protests properly without taking away from the neighbourhood policing our communities deserve?
We will continue to support Greater Manchester police and police forces across the country.
It is right that they should be able to deal with issues and challenges, including public order.
We are strengthening the system in that area as a result of weaknesses in the national co-ordination that we have inherited.
I can tell the hon.
Lady that Greater Manchester police will be getting 176 additional police officers for their neighbourhood teams over the course of this year.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle the antisocial use of off-road bikes.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle vehicle nuisance.
Off-road bikes careering through estates and communities are dangerous and an antisocial nightmare.
We are giving the police stronger powers to seize bikes without the need for repeated warnings, in order to help keep our streets safe.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answer.
My constituents around Weston Shore have had enough of exactly the kind of thing she describes.
Antisocial motorbikes are racing outside their homes every night.
The constant noise disturbs everyone’s sleep, yet they have seen no meaningful enforcement in recent years.
The Secretary of State has outlined that further powers are coming.
Will she confirm that she expects local police forces to use these powers fully to tackle this issue seriously, so that this blight on my constituents’ lives can be stopped?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
The issue he raises will resonate with people across the country; whether it is Southampton or south Tyneside, too many areas are facing the blight of off-road bikes and street racing.
At the moment, the police have to give people multiple warnings.
It can be two strikes or three strikes and the bikes are still on the streets.
That is not good enough.
We want to make it much easier for the police, so that it is one strike and out.
I thank the Home Secretary for her response.
In Kent we are using section 59 powers to confiscate bikes, including in Snodland and Walderslade in my constituency.