We expect the report very shortly, and when we have it, the Government will respond to it, and will lay out their plans with all the evidence in hand.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle knife crime.
We have taken action to ban zombie knives, and the ban on ninja swords will come in this August.
We are also bringing forward Ronan’s law, which puts stronger restrictions on online sales, through the Crime and Policing Bill.
There will also be additional funding, through the hotspot action fund, for high-visibility patrols in the areas with the most knife crime and antisocial behaviour.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answer, and for the seriousness with which this Government are tackling the scourge of knife crime in constituencies like mine.
In Redditch, the anti-knife-crime campaigner Pete Martin is making a real difference by educating young people in schools about the dangers of knife crime.
Will the Secretary of State consider visiting Redditch to see Pete’s work at first hand, and the real difference that it is making in our schools?
Can I pass on my thanks, through my hon.
Friend, to the team who are doing such good work in his community?
We are certainly keen to know more about that, because he is right about local work preventing young people from being drawn into knife crime.
That is why we are setting up the Young Futures prevention programme, and we are introducing a new law on child criminal exploitation to go after the gangs who draw young people into crime.
As Sussex police consider how to tackle knife crime in Eastbourne and invest in community policing, I have been urging them to prioritise investment in their Grove Road premises in the town centre, as opposed to their Hammonds Drive industrial estate premises.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we should prioritise investment in town centres such in Eastbourne, so that we can better tackle knife crime there?
Obviously, police forces have to make their own operational decisions, but we do believe that town centres need to be a particular focus of neighbourhood policing, and when it comes to preventing youth crime, including knife crime.
Sussex police are getting 64 additional neighbourhood police officers and police community support officers under the neighbourhood policing guarantee this year, but we are also focusing on hotspot policing, targeting the areas with the highest knife crime.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle illegal working.
Clamping down on illegal working is a crucial element of our strategy to tackle immigration crime.
Since coming to office, this Government have increased raids, arrests and civil penalties to their highest levels in years.
Our Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill will introduce tougher provisions in this area, particularly to bolster our enforcement action against illegal working in the gig economy.
Good employers in my constituency of Paisley and Renfrewshire South—those who conduct employment checks and employ people on decent terms and conditions—are being undercut by unscrupulous firms that use exploitative practices and prey on the vulnerabilities of people seeking a better life here in the UK.
What steps are being taken to protect people from exploitation and employers who do the right thing?
Enforcement of the law is the best way to deal with this issue, which is why there has been a 40% increase in visits to check whether illegal working is going on, and a 42% increase in arrests since this Government came to office.
I call the Father of the House.
Could I be counterintuitive for a moment and make a New Labour point?
The cause of a lot of illegal migration is the fact that it is easier to work here illegally than anywhere else in Europe, and that is because we do not have national identity cards.
The Gordon Brown Government, quite wisely, were going to bring them in, and the coalition Government wrongly stopped that idea.