I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
He will be aware that visa processing times can vary based on the type of visa and where people are applying from.
However, for most applications, even those made outside the UK, decisions are usually made within three weeks.
He will also be aware that we are looking at how to reform our immigration system as a result of the record levels of net migration under the previous Government, and making sure that we focus our immigration on the needs of our economy is a priority for this Government.
I call the shadow Minister.
New research shows that foreign nationals are claiming almost £1 billion in benefits each month.
We now face the highest number of asylum claims ever recorded—up another 9% since Labour took office.
Meanwhile, the 42,000 appeal backlog at the end of 2024 is projected to more than double to almost 100,000 by the end of this year.
The Home Secretary herself has admitted to the media that her White Paper would cut immigration by just 50,000.
This is utterly inadequate.
Without real deterrence and stricter measures, the visa processing delays will only worsen, so will the Minister commit to two concrete measures: implementing the previous Conservative threshold of £38,000; and introducing a legally binding annual migration cap that actually delivers accountability?
Order.
Can I just say to the shadow Minister that we have a lot of Members to get in—I want to get to Question 15 on the Order Paper—and I need her help to do so?
This is yet another example of the Opposition wanting to rewrite history.
The Conservatives quadrupled net migration to record levels.
I think the hon.
Member will want to correct herself on the immigration White Paper, which will be reducing net migration by considerably more than she suggested; the Home Secretary has said so.
The latest figures show that, since this Government came to power, almost 30,000 foreign criminals, failed asylum seekers and others with no right to be in the UK have been removed.
That includes an increase of enforced returns in the last quarter compared with the same period last year, which is a much better record than the shadow Home Secretary could achieve.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing in Bracknell Forest.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing.
What steps her Department is taking to improve neighbourhood policing.
We are providing £200 million across England and Wales this financial year to increase neighbourhood policing.
As part of our neighbourhood policing guarantee, every community will have named, contactable officers dedicated to addressing local issues.
Alongside that, during the course of this year we will have 3,000 additional officers and police community support officers working in neighbourhoods teams.
I am pleased to tell my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bracknell (Peter Swallow)  that, for Thames Valley police, that will include an extra 68 police officers on the streets this year.
Bracknell Forest has seen a spate of tool thefts recently.
Tool theft is a double whammy: traders have to fork out thousands for new tools, all while they are out of work.
I have raised this issue with Thames Valley police and the police and crime commissioner, but what more can be done through the Government’s neighbourhood policing guarantee to stamp down on this cruel crime?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right to raise that serious crime.
Honest, hard-working tradespeople in communities across the country are being robbed of their livelihoods as a result of this kind of crime.