If they are seen to be adults and end up in asylum accommodation, they can always make an appeal to the local authority that they are in and undergo what is known as a Merton age assessment test, which will decide on their age once and for all.
On Saturday, 1,200 illegal migrants poured into the United Kingdom by small boat.
Many gave spurious reasons to stay here, so when will the Government repeal the Human Rights Act 1998 for immigration cases and take back control of our borders?
To tackle illegal migration, we must work across borders in co-operation with other jurisdictions.
Were we to leave the European convention on human rights, we could not work with those that sign up to it.
On Saturday, residents in Westerhope told me how nuisance vehicles, illegal and modified e-bikes, off-road bikes and speeding cars are making their lives an absolute misery, and I have had similar complaints from residents in Slatyford and Newbiggin.
The chief constable of Northumbria tells me that his force has already tripled the number of vehicles impounded over the past few years, so it is keen to enforce the laws, such as they are.
Will the Minister set out how her new proposals will make life better for residents in Newcastle?
I welcome what my hon.
Friend has said; this is a problem up and down the land.
At the moment, police forces are doing their best, but the Crime and Policing Bill will allow them to seize vehicles that are being used in an antisocial way, without having to give any warnings, and then to destroy them.
That is the way forward, but I pay tribute to the work that is already ongoing with police forces.
Since taking office almost a year ago, the Home Secretary has spectacularly failed to put a cap on illegal immigration or a deterrent in place, and this weekend’s record number of boat crossings demonstrates that she has clearly completely failed to take control of our borders.
What can she say in all honesty to my constituents about her plan, because clearly it is not working?
Given that the right hon.
Member was a member of the previous Government, her question might be rather more plausible if she apologised for the 100-fold increase in small boat crossings under her Government’s watch and for the quadrupling of net migration as a result of the policies that she supported in government.
If she wants to support stronger action against illegal migration and the gangs that are organising it, why will she not support the counter-terrorism powers that this Government are putting in place to go after them?
In the light of the ban on disposable vapes, which came into force this week, will the Minister outline the measures being taken to step up the work at ports, including at East Midlands airport, to prevent counterfeit and banned vapes from being imported into the country?
While Border Force does not routinely disclose information of a port-specific nature, in the calendar year of 2024 it seized approximately 300,000 e-cigarettes and vapes at the UK border.
Border Force has a robust approach to seizures, based on intelligence received from its partners.
I know that my hon.
Friend has raised this issue previously, and I am very happy to meet with her to discuss it.
In my constituency, we have seen the parks police slashed from Bushy Park and rates of theft and knife crimes soaring.
The Metropolitan Police Commissioner warned last week that the Home Secretary will not meet her laudable targets on neighbourhood policing, tackling knife crime and tackling violence against women and girls without additional investment.
Can she reassure my constituents that they will see the bobbies on the beat that she has promised, or will they see only the Chancellor’s iron fist?
I can tell the hon.