We are going to extend those opportunities to energy, telecoms and, crucially, small and medium-sized enterprise finance, making the journey for SMEs to get business finance far easier.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Last week, I travelled to Abu Dhabi for the 13th World Trade Organisation ministerial conference, where I met counterparts from many countries, including Australia, New Zealand, Canada and South Africa, along with trade representatives from the United States, European Union and the Gulf Co-operation Council.
Alongside WTO members, we negotiated real outcomes for the UK and important agreements with our trading partners.
We delivered for British business through the renewal of the e-commerce moratorium, a global agreement to avoid taxes on online transactions, from emails to movies and music.
Building on the momentum from the 13th ministerial conference, we will continue to champion free, fair, open trade at every opportunity, recognising its potential to lower costs and increase prosperity, both here in the UK and around the world.
I thank the Minister for that statement.
We are no longer constrained by European competition law.
The German Government are providing at least €6 billion in support for their steel industry.
Given the very credible plan put forward by my union, Unite the union, to protect jobs and expand production at the steel plant at Port Talbot, why are the UK Government not investing more to create a viable future for our steel?
I am disappointed that the hon.
Gentleman feels that we have not been investing as much as we should.
What we have done in Port Talbot is the biggest investment that Government has ever made in steel.
We are turning Port Talbot around; it is going to be regenerated.
We are replacing high carbon emitting blast furnaces with electric arc furnaces to help reduce emissions, which his party and all of us across the House signed up to when we made the commitment to net zero.
He may have specific things he thinks we can do  on the transition, so I can tell him that we have a transition board to help those whose jobs are not going to be there with electric arc furnaces.
However, we have done a significant amount for Port Talbot.
May I commend to my right hon.
Friend the recent paper on industrial policy by Policy Exchange and its conclusion that we should avoid entering a subsidy race and should instead concentrate on broad, long-term measures supporting investment right across all industries?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for highlighting the Policy Exchange report, and I agree that the UK should not enter a subsidy race with other industrial nations.
We already have our advanced manufacturing plan, which, obviously, focuses on advanced manufacturing, and the Chancellor is also looking at green industries, life sciences, creative industries and digital technology.
Those are all areas in which we know we can grow as well.
I have spoken about the record levels of investment we get into the UK.
Last autumn, when the Chancellor announced full expensing, more than 200 business leaders and the CBI said that that was a game changer and the single most transformative thing we could do to fire up the British economy.
We will continue to be competitive and ensure that we continue to be the third country, after the USA and China, in securing inward investment—of course, beating our European counterparts.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Last month, the Secretary of State said at the Dispatch Box that she could state explicitly that trade talks with Canada had not broken down.
However, the Canadian high commission has since contradicted that in writing, saying that neither negotiations nor technical discussions with respect to any of the outstanding issues have occurred since the UK unilaterally broke them off on  25 January .
Mr Speaker, I just want to know who is telling the truth.