The investing in women code has 240 signatories.
We are keen to do more and to work alongside my hon.
Friend to ensure that the world of entrepreneurship is as friendly as possible to female entrepreneurs.
Will the Minister ask the Small Business Council to wake up to the opportunities in the hydrogen sector, not only in terms of the engineering that supplies that sector, the coming replacement of batteries and all that transportation stuff, but in the infrastructure of our country?
We have great engineering that is ready to go with a hydrogen future.
When will he wake up to that opportunity?
We already have woken up to that opportunity.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, we have great opportunities in hydrogen in Teesside and in Yorkshire, with the Humber hydrogen cluster.
It is something we are keen to support as a Government, and I would appreciate it if he offered his support, too.
I call the shadow Minister.
The perfect storm of rising borrowing, rent and labour costs is continuing to cripple businesses, and the UK small business index fell 78 points last December, according to Xero Small Business Insights, to the lowest reading since the middle of the pandemic in August 2020.
The Government have had 14 years to tackle the barriers facing SMEs.
What specifically will the Small Business Council do, and what will Ministers do to halt the alarming trend of more businesses closing than opening?
I am sorry that the shadow Minister is so pessimistic about the world of business.
We have spoken at events together many times, and she hears the mood in those audiences, which is far more positive than she sets out.
We are active in many areas, as she knows.
At the event we both spoke at this week, I talked about access to finance, support and advice, and removing barriers.
Access to finance has been key, with £1 billion of Start Up loans having been made to 100,000 businesses.
If she listened to the Budget yesterday, she will have heard about the rise in the VAT threshold and the  growth guarantee scheme.
There are many opportunities for small businesses.
We will have 200,000 more workers coming back into the workplace, tackling another barrier for businesses.
Get with the programme; it is much more exciting than she thinks.
What recent progress her Department has made on negotiating a free trade agreement with Israel.
What recent progress her Department has made on negotiating a free trade agreement with Israel.
Israel remains a part of the FTA programme, and negotiations continue.
I had a productive meeting with Israel’s Minister of Economy, Nir Barkat, last week in Abu Dhabi, where we discussed our existing trading relationship as well as how Israel is managing the challenges of working on an FTA while fighting a war.
Israel is facing immense challenges in its war with Hamas, but it is known around the world as a start-up nation thanks to its extraordinary tech sector, which Brits benefit from every day.
Given the enormous opportunities that a bespoke free trade agreement with Israel offers to the UK, will my right hon.
Friend update the House on what steps she is taking to advance negotiations?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that we held a virtual negotiating round with Israel in February, focused primarily on services.
That is one of the things that we are doing to move the FTA forward, and we will update Parliament shortly in the usual way via a written ministerial statement.
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight Israel’s world-leading tech sector, which is a reason why we want to modernise and upgrade our relations with Israel.
Our current FTA was signed in 1995—it is a roll-over from the one we had with the EU—and technical collaboration, which Israel specialises in, will be made easier through an enhanced FTA.
I call Bob Blackman.
Not here.