Friend for what he is doing to promote inward investment, which supported more than 2,800 jobs across the east midlands in 2023.
He has spoken to me before about the importance of the Ball Corporation to Kettering, and I am happy to confirm that either myself or one of my Ministers would be delighted to visit when diaries allow.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
While the UK Government struggle to support small and medium-sized enterprises exporting to Europe, they are providing a £600 million export guarantee to INEOS so that it can build the largest chemical plant in Europe for 30 years in Antwerp, Belgium.
Why can the UK Government find £600 million to support that investment, but not match the £500 million that the Scottish Government are investing in domestic energy transition at home?
UK Export Finance does not give the money; it provides guarantees to loans that are being provided by banks.
There is quite a significant distinction: we have not given that money; we have guaranteed a loan.
The reason why we provide those guarantees is that they guarantee jobs to British businesses.
There is a big difference between a loan guarantee and giving money.
If he would like more of an explanation on that, we are happy to provide one to him.
As chair of the British-Switzerland all-party parliamentary group, I am delighted to commend the Government on the forthcoming new trade agreement with Switzerland, but will the Secretary of State please update the House on progress?
Particularly, will she tell us which of the 20-plus working groups the Government intend to prioritise as part of the negotiations?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who is a leading member of the British-Switzerland APPG, for his interest.
Both the Secretary of State and I met the Swiss Trade Minister in Abu Dhabi last week.
The trade talks are progressing well.
We are seeking high-ambition outcomes in all areas, including services and investment, mobility, digital, and the environment, which are not covered by our existing FTA.
In short, there are a large number of high-priority areas for us, building on the agreement that we did on financial services in Bern at the end of last year, to ensure that this UK-Switzerland FTA really takes forward the bilateral trade relationship.
The fourth round of negotiations is taking place in Bern this week.
We know the impact that mandatory pay gap reporting can have on tackling low pay and in-work poverty, but little progress is being made on tackling the disability pay gap, which is higher now than it was a decade ago, with disabled people earning on average £3,400 less—effectively working for 47 days for free.
When will the Government introduce mandatory disability pay gap reporting, and what steps is the Secretary of State taking to close the gap?
The hon.
Lady raises a significant issue around ensuring that disabled people are able to access employment and are paid properly.
We have no plans to introduce mandatory disability pay gap reporting—no plans to introduce disability pay gap reporting at all.
Unlike gender pay gap reporting, which is very simple, binary and easy to execute, disability pay gap reporting, like ethnicity pay gap reporting, is very complex.
There are a range of disabilities that could not be easily monitored, so I would like to work with her on other areas where we can help to improve the lives of disabled people at work.
We do not believe that disability pay gap reporting is the answer.
Israel is one of the United Kingdom’s most dynamic trading partners, so does my right hon.
Friend agree that prioritising a free trade deal with Israel will complement the good work that the Government are doing to defeat the haters as part of the Economic Activity of Public Bodies (Overseas Matters) Bill, and send an unmistakeable message that the UK stands ready to strengthen our unbreakable friendship with Israel?
My hon.
Friend is right.