My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
In the UK, of course, we have our own, superb Rolls-Royce model of small modular reactor as well.
He is right about the importance of our growing trading relationship with Korea.
As a former Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, he will also know that 71% of our services trade with Korea last year was delivered digitally.
We need to upgrade the deal to make sure that it reflects modern, digital trade as well.
Both countries are making good progress in the negotiations.
UK exports are increasing.
Using current prices, they are up by £21 billion compared with 2023.
The UK trade show was a pilot programme that did not yield the successes we thought it would, so we have other schemes in place, including the UK Export Academy, international trade advisers, Help to Grow and the  export support service.
Focusing on Wales, we will soon be appointing a new international trade adviser to help SMEs.
That is an extraordinary statement, because in the hon.
Lady’s constituency the greatest level of exports is from professional and business services, and those exports are increasing not only to the EU but to countries outside the EU.
That is the reality on the ground, so our strategy is working.
UK exports were £859 billion in 2023—a figure that has gone up, not down, by £21 billion.
The UK is the second biggest services exporter in the world—she should be proud of that because many such businesses are in her constituency.
Those exports have increased to 54% from 48%, so there is good news, but we are keen to do more.
We can get the best explanation from looking at the data behind what the hon.
Gentleman set out.
He obviously omitted the international reality.
In the same report, the OBR referenced the “sluggish growth” in “global economies” and mentioned that  British goods and services will outperform, on average, G7 countries.
Those are the facts on the ground.
When it comes to exports, we are exporting not only into the EU but outside the EU.
As I said earlier, professional and business services are increasing outside the EU by 19%.
We have substantial programmes in place to help small and medium-sized enterprises.
We are keen to learn and do as much work as we can.
There will be far more work coming through as this is the year of the SME.
Bill, as amended, considered.
Bill to be read the Third time tomorrow.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she is taking to support small and medium-sized businesses to export.
What steps she is taking to support small and medium-sized businesses to export.
My Department continues to help small and medium-sized enterprises to grow overseas and export to the world, especially this year—the year of the SME.
Businesses can access a digital self-serve offer and a wide network of support, including trade advisers, export champions, the UK Export Academy, our international markets network and UK Export Finance.
Last year, UK Export Finance provided £6.5 billion to exporters of all sizes, with SMEs comprising a record 84% of those supported directly with a product.
SMEs in Merthyr Tydfil and Rhymney tell me of their frustrations around exporting goods and now the Government have scrapped the trade show programme, which was set up to support British businesses to attend events and win overseas orders.
Will the Minister tell the House and the thousands of businesses that rely on that vital support when there will be a replacement?
UK exports are increasing.
Using current prices, they are up by £21 billion compared with 2023.[Official Report,  12 March 2024 , Vol.
747, c. 5MC.] (
Correction) The UK trade show was a pilot programme that did not yield the successes we thought it would, so we have other schemes in place, including the UK Export Academy, international trade advisers, Help to Grow and the  export support service.