What assessment she has made of the impact of the UK’s withdrawal from the EU on businesses.
Since we left the EU, we have used our new freedoms to secure free trade deals with 73 countries, including EU partners, and that accounted for £1.1 trillion of UK trade in 2022.
We have simplified import tariffs to lower costs for businesses and households.
We plan to remove over 50% of inherited EU regulations by 2026.
Our reforms to employment laws could save UK businesses up to £1 billion a year, ensuring that the UK is the best place in the world to start up and grow a business.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her reply.
Measured by tonnage, the port of Immingham in my constituency is the largest port in the country, with almost 50 million tonnes of cargo each year.
It is also a vital part of the renewable energy sector.
Immingham is surely an example of the fact that not only EU trade but worldwide trade is important to the UK.
If my right hon.
Friend were able to visit at some time, she would be able to see that for herself.
As ever, my hon.
Friend is a great advocate for his Cleethorpes constituency.
He is right that Immingham is the No.
1 port in terms of tonnage and is vital to our trade with the EU and the rest of the world.
If our diaries allow, I or one of my Ministers will be delighted to visit and see at first hand the vital role Immingham plays in the transition to renewable energy.
In December, the British Chambers of Commerce found that a staggering 97% of surveyed businesses continued to face difficulties using the trade and co-operation agreement.
Despite the TCA being introduced over three years ago, businesses are still struggling to deal with the added headache that the regulations have created.
If 97% of businesses still face difficulties after three years, how many years is it anticipated that it will take for these issues to be resolved?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question.
Many of the issues that businesses have been raising with us are specific not to the TCA but to member countries.
That is why Ministers and I, along with officials, go to all these countries, and we have removed many of the market access barriers, which are not specific to the TCA.
The hon.
Lady will know that the TCA will be up for review.
If she has specific things she would like us to take to EU Trade Commissioners, we are very happy to do so.
This week, the Financial Times reported the most significant decline in UK trade volumes since 1997.
It is clearer than ever that this Government’s hard Brexit policy has exacerbated challenges for British businesses.
With a 7.4% drop in trade since 2018 and exports down by 12.4%, we are starkly lagging behind our G7 peers.
Can the Secretary of State explain how 14 years of Conservative  rule have prepared British businesses for their despair around extra red tape and the chaos unleashed by this Tory hard Brexit policy?
I think the hon.
Gentleman has just time-travelled from 2018 or 2019—it has been a long time since I have heard the phrase “hard Brexit”.
He will of course know that we left the European Union with a deal, so he needs to catch up with what has actually happened.
It is also interesting that he talked about an FT report from 1997; I should let him know that we have not been in government since 1997—we have been in government since 2010.
Many of the things he is pointing out are things we have said will occur as trade flows move away from the European Union to the Indo-Pacific.
That is why we have left; that is why we are trading with the rest of the world.
The hon.