What steps she is taking to ensure future trade agreements include environmental protections.
The Government are committed to pursuing environmental provisions in our trade agreements and to using our multilateral trade policy, diplomatic efforts and trade promotion activity, all of which support our green objectives.
The Government boast about the trade deals they have done and the environmental protections they have secured, so presumably they have had the chance to analyse the impact.
Will the Minister tell the House whether the deals secured so far have improved or degraded our environment?
What lessons have been learned for negotiating future deals?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an interesting point.
Many of the agreements have actually, for the first time, included environmental provisions.
If I recall correctly, he did not like the Australia trade deal, but it is the first time Australia has committed in a trade agreement to the Paris agreement and so on.
When it comes to the impact of our trading policy over the last 14 years, he will also find, for example, that 86% of UK imports of palm oil—a key interest for environmentalists—are certified as sustainable, up from 16% in 2010.
Again, we are seeing real results of UK trade policy moving in a much more environmentally friendly direction.
If she will make an assessment with the Secretary of State for Education on the potential merits of introducing a right to paid employment leave for kinship carers.
Some 130,000 children  are in the care of close family members in England alone.
We recognise the vital role that kinship carers play in looking after children who cannot live with their parents.
Last year, the Government published the national kinship care strategy and announced a £20 million package of support for kinship carers in 2024-25.
The Minister just referenced the Government’s kinship strategy, which was published in December.
Their own strategy has recognised that kinship carers in employment often report the need to give up work or reduce their hours to be able to care for the children they support; it cites a survey revealing that 45% of kinship carers give up work and a similar number have to reduce their hours permanently.
Given the Minister’s desire to drive up employment and the fact that kinship carers stepping up overnight to look after children saves the taxpayer a huge amount of money in comparison with when children go into local authority care, why are the Government not making paid employment leave a statutory right and only publishing guidance?
The hon.
Lady raises a very important point.
We call on local authorities to be considerate to people who are in employment when they take on a child to look after in a kinship care situation.
We think that employers are the right people to make sure that any provision we provide is a floor, not a ceiling.
Companies such as John Lewis take a very considerate approach to people in that situation.
We urge them to do so, but we also encourage local authorities, which have budgets allocated to this particular issue, to provide support where they can.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of infrastructure on levels of business investment.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of infrastructure on levels of business investment.
High-quality infrastructure is crucial for delivering economic growth.
To quote a previous Prime Minister:
“You and I come by road and rail, but economists travel on infrastructure.”
We know how important investment is.
The whole House will agree that the UK is the leading light when it comes to offshore wind farms, where we are already securing investment.
Let me point to a few examples of further investment: Nissan is investing £2 billion in new electric car models in the UK, Microsoft and Google have announced data centres worth over £3 billion, and my Secretary of State oversaw the global investment summit, unlocking £30 billion of investment.