Using current prices, they are up by £21 billion compared with 2023.[Official Report,  12 March 2024 , Vol.
747, c. 5MC.] (
Correction) The UK trade show was a pilot programme that did not yield the successes we thought it would, so we have other schemes in place, including the UK Export Academy, international trade advisers, Help to Grow and the  export support service.
Focusing on Wales, we will soon be appointing a new international trade adviser to help SMEs.
We are lucky that Enfield North has quite a lot of small and medium-sized businesses, but they are suffering because of the cost of spiralling bills and no Government support.
Does the Minister think it is the lack of a Government industrial strategy or the lack of individual support for exporters that is most holding our businesses back?
That is an extraordinary statement, because in the hon.
Lady’s constituency the greatest level of exports is from professional and business services, and those exports are increasing not only to the EU but to countries outside the EU.[Official Report,  12 March 2024 , Vol.
747, c. 5MC.] (
Correction) That is the reality on the ground, so our strategy is working.
UK exports were £859 billion in 2023—a figure that has gone up, not down, by £21 billion.
The UK is the second biggest services exporter in the world—she should be proud of that because many such businesses are in her constituency.
Those exports have increased to 54% from 48%, so there is good news, but we are keen to do more.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Office for Budget Responsibility said yesterday that exports, including from SMEs, will fall even more than expected this year; growth in exports will be less than 1% in each of the next three years; and other countries will not be hit the same way.
There have been cuts in the funding to help businesses start exporting and there has been no deal with the United States, no Diwali deal with India, and no veterinary agreement with the EU to cut red tape and slash costs.
What does the Minister think is the best explanation for the Government’s dismal performance on exports so far?
We can get the best explanation from looking at the data behind what the hon.
Gentleman set out.
He obviously omitted the international reality.
In the same report, the OBR referenced the “sluggish growth” in “global economies” and mentioned that  British goods and services will outperform, on average, G7 countries.
Those are the facts on the ground.
When it comes to exports, we are exporting not only into the EU but outside the EU.
As I said earlier, professional and business services are increasing outside the EU by 19%.[Official Report,  12 March 2024 , Vol.
747, c. 6MC.] (
Correction) We have substantial programmes in place to help small and medium-sized enterprises.
We are keen to learn and do as much work as we can.
There will be far more work coming through as this is the year of the SME.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
The trade and co-operation agreement has hit small and medium-sized exporters the hardest, as most do not individually have the capacity to deal with the additional bureaucracy and paperwork created by that trade deal.
Does the Minister recognise that the TCA has disproportionately damaged the competitiveness of SMEs?
What support can the Government offer SMEs to recapture the market share they have lost in Europe since then?
There has not really been a loss in the market share.
I have talked about what is happening internationally.
We appreciate that small and medium-sized enterprises may not have the resources they need to export into new markets.
That is why we have the UK Export Academy, international trade advisers, Help to Grow and the export support service.