I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
May I thank the Chair of the Procedure Committee for a timely and affirmative response to our request to examine the Westminster Hall Standing Orders?
To that end, I have written to the Leader of the House this morning, and I hope she will give a similarly timely and affirmative response.
The Backbench Business Committee welcomes applications from Members across the House, particularly for Westminster Hall debates, where they can probably be facilitated after the Easter recess as we are pretty booked up until then.
I again thank the hon.
Gentleman for his helpful advert for his Committee.
He knows that I very much agree both with his ask and with the advice of the Procedure Committee, so we will make that good innovation very swiftly.
May we have a debate on defending the environment and quality of life in the London suburbs?
Transport for London and its development partner Ballymore want to build 25 tower blocks in Edgware town centre, including a 29-storey skyscraper, which is completely unacceptable and inappropriate.
We need a debate to make the point to the Mayor of London that he must demand that TfL withdraw from the project.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for raising that issue.
All communities want to ensure that new homes are built—that is very important—but we must ensure that they are the right type of homes and do not affect the character of an area, and that the needs of local people and their views are taken into account.
I know my right hon.
Friend has been campaigning hard on such matters, and that the development must be to a gentler density that is in keeping with the local character.
I congratulate her and the Save Edgeware campaign, which is working flat out to ensure that the character of that community remains.
I stand ready to assist her as she progresses that campaign.
This week, on  9 March , it will be 10 years since the death of my dear friend, Adjuah Annan.
She was just 28 years old.
Adjuah had sickle cell anaemia, the UK’s fastest growing genetic condition, but her untimely death was the direct result of serious failings in her care.
Her experience and those of many others are outlined in the landmark report by the Sickle Cell Society and the all-party parliamentary group on sickle cell and thalassaemia, “No One’s Listening”, published in 2021, but since then the Government have failed meaningfully to engage with its findings and recommendations.
It cannot be right that 10 years after we lost Adjuah, those with sickle cell and thalassaemia continue to experience inequalities in treatment, substandard care and avoidable death.
When can we expect the Government to finally listen and put forward policy that implements in full the recommendations of the “No One’s Listening” report?
I thank the hon.
Lady for remembering her friend Adjuah, and allowing us to pause and pay tribute to her.
I thank her also for raising the important work the APPG did on the matter.
As the next Health questions will not be until late April, I will write on behalf of the hon.
Lady to the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care and ask her to respond directly to her.
May we have a debate in Government time—it would be nice—to talk about Mid Devon District Council?
I know I have talked about it before, but it has now gone beyond a joke.
There are now no planning enforcement officers in Mid Devon District Council, as all the staff have gone.
It is a free-for-all for developers.
More importantly, the council have moved to waste collection every three weeks.
That is not a problem, except the  service has been taken over by a draconian “1984”-style group of councillors who are determined to make the lives of the people of Tiverton and mid-Devon impossible.