Claiming that GDP would have been 5% higher when we are outperforming our G7 partners is simply not credible.
She wants to take us back to square one, but that is exactly the reason why people need to stick with the Conservative plan.
I am very encouraged by the Secretary of State’s comments about the free trade deal with Israel.
The UK is a friend of Israel, and Israel is a friend of the UK, so what more can we do to increase trade between us?
More importantly—and very regionally —how can the Secretary of State ensure that Northern Ireland is very much part of that trade deal, so that companies in Strangford and across Northern Ireland also feel the benefit?
The hon.
Gentleman will remember that we had the Northern Ireland investment summit, at which we talked about bringing more investment into Northern Ireland.
He will know that around 500 Israeli firms operate in the United Kingdom.
That investment from overseas is creating thousands of jobs in high-value sectors, and a free trade agreement will help to increase the investment.
That will benefit businesses in Northern Ireland, too.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  11 March  will include:
Monday 11 March —Continuation of the Budget debate.
Tuesday 12 March —Conclusion of the Budget debate.
Wednesday 13 March —Consideration of an allocation of time motion, followed by all stages of the National Insurance Contributions (Reduction in Rates) (No.
2) Bill.
Thursday 14 March —Estimates day.
There will be debates on estimates relating to the Department for Education, in so far as it relates to special educational needs and disabilities provision; and the Home Office, in so far as it relates to asylum and migration.
At 5 pm, the House will be asked to agree all outstanding estimates.
Friday 15 March —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  18 March  includes:
Monday 18 March —Proceedings on the Supply and Appropriation (Anticipation and Adjustments) Bill, followed by consideration of Lords amendments to the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill.
Tuesday 19 March —Remaining stages of the Trade (Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership) Bill [Lords].
Further business will be announced in the usual way.
This week, the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology made a grovelling apology and retracted baseless allegations she made against a member of her own advisory body on her personal Twitter account—allegations that were based on a dodgy dossier produced by a Conservative think-tank.
Remarkably, the damages paid out came from taxpayers’ money from her Department.
This is a new low for ministerial standards, so perhaps the Leader of the House can clarify a few things.
Was the £15,000 paid in damages the total cost borne by the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology?
Apparently, the Secretary of State was given appropriate advice, but did she follow it, or were her accusations against the advice she received?
If they were, surely she should personally pay the costs.
Will the Leader of the House urgently ensure that the Secretary of State is accountable to Parliament?
The Government cannot have it both ways: if the money was paid by taxpayers because it related to the Secretary of State’s ministerial responsibilities, she must come to Parliament as a Minister and account for that.
Other Ministers were told that their Twitter accounts were matters for them personally.
Does the Secretary of State still have the confidence of the Leader of the House?
All we got from yesterday’s Budget was old news, briefed and leaked to the papers before it was given to Parliament.
The next time that the Leader of the House cries crocodile tears for the rights of this place, she could reflect on the Government’s failure to stand by the parliamentary convention that Budgets are delivered in the Chamber first.