I will not take any lectures on supporting those earning the least from a Labour party that brought in the 10p rate.
The hon.
Lady’s rhetoric on growth and modernising our nation does not match her party’s agenda to unpick 40 years of trade union reform or tie businesses in red tape, and it does not sit well with its voting record on minimum service levels for the British public.
I will not take any lectures from a party that did the square root of diddly squat for victims of infected blood and the Post Office.
On that precise point, the hon.
Lady clearly has not read the Red Book, which on page 24 commits us to paying full compensation to victims of the Horizon scandal.
The estimates are in there, but it also says that amount will be increased if needed.
This is a tough shift, post-pandemic and mid-war.
But thank God it is our shift.
Our country has turned a corner and we will get back to our inflation target soon, as the new forecasts indicate.
The plan is working and we will stay that course, as we must.
Otherwise, we will end up back where Labour left us: compared with today, that is a million more workless households, 400,000 more children and 200,000 more pensioners in absolute poverty, 4 million fewer in work, youth unemployment at 45%, literacy rates trailing rather than leading the world, and a third less spending on the NHS.
No thank you, shadow Leader of the House.
We will stick with the Prime Minister.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.
The Mayor of Greater Manchester’s vanity project of a 493-square-mile clean air zone has cost the taxpayer nearly £100 million.
It has been supported by all Labour councils in Greater Manchester and Bury.
Will my right hon.
Friend make time for a debate to ensure that the voices of Conservative MPs who have campaigned against this ridiculous project can be heard again, and that this tax on hard-working people never sees the light of day?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on leading the charge on this matter.
There is a legal obligation to comply with emissions in the shortest possible time, but we are reviewing that.
He will know that Greater Manchester authorities have changed their tune and are now proposing an entirely different approach, thanks to the campaign that he has run and the support that he has galvanised among his communities.
I congratulate him and encourage him to hold them to account.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
Following the frankly appalling behaviour of the Labour party leadership to disrupt the SNP’s Opposition day debate on  21 February  —[Interruption.]
Obviously, they do not like the truth.
The Leader of the House told the House that she was sympathetic to the idea not only of the SNP getting another Opposition day debate but of taking it from the allocation given to the Labour party.
Could she update the House on how her thinking has developed on those points?
Further to that, on the issue of ministerial responsibility, yesterday it was revealed that neither the Conservatives’ branch manager in Holyrood nor their Energy Minister supports the Government’s energy policy.
Will the Leader of the House confirm whether the principle of collective responsibility in government applies to junior Ministers?
If so, what advice would she give to any Minister who is unable to support such a key plank of Government policy, either publicly or in any Budget votes ahead?
Finally, the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology has cost the taxpayer £15,000 after falsely accusing an academic of supporting Hamas.
Could we have a debate on the limits of privilege, specifically whether it is now the Government’s policy that Ministers can say whatever they like outside Parliament and be financially indemnified from the consequences by the taxpayer?