I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that important point.
The Home Office has done work in this area, and he will know that Departments have had initiatives, such as the Department for Levelling Up providing language classes and so forth.
The Home Office has been focused on those who have leave to remain and choose to make their home here but are not citizens of this country, as well as looking at whether we need a more robust and proactive stance towards citizenship and all that it brings and means to us.
My constituent John, despite having been born in North Lanarkshire and having lived in Scotland his whole life, had to apply to become a British citizen, pledge his allegiance to the King and pay £260 for the process to apply for a passport because he does not have access to his mother’s birth certificate.
Will the Leader of the House make Government time available for MPs to raise and debate various passport issues?
Is she aware of any recourse to allow my constituent to be reimbursed?
I am happy to facilitate a meeting between Home Office officials and the hon.
Lady’s office —or indeed herself—to talk about that case and anything that the Department can learn from John’s experiences of going through that process.
He will know that we have clear line-of-sight reporting on the costs charged for particular things, but if there has been some injustice, I am sure that meeting will help to rectify the situation.
Last week saw the launch of the independent report that I, together with the Department for Work and Pensions and the leading research charity Autistica, prepared as result of a 10-month review into autism and employment.
There is still a huge gap in the number of people in work, with fewer than three in 10 adults who are autistic working, which is way below the disability average.
I am grateful to the Backbench Business Committee for allocating time in April for a debate in this Chamber on the report and its findings.
Will my right hon.
Friend use her good offices to ensure that that time is preserved as much as possible, so that colleagues across the House can debate the report’s important recommendations?
I thank my right hon.
and learned Friend for all the work he has done on the report and on many other areas of deep concern to people with autism and their families.
It is a landmark report, and it is wonderful to hear that it will be debated on the Floor of  the House.
I will ensure that the time is protected and that nothing happens to it.
I also congratulate my colleagues at the Department for Work and Pensions on the work they have done and the proactive way in which they commissioned these findings.
Yesterday, after the Budget, Kate Burt, the chief executive of the Haemophilia Society, said:
“Today, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt could have reassured those infected and affected by contaminated blood products that resources for long-overdue compensation would be made available.
Instead, like so many Chancellors before him, he ignored this issue, deepening the anxiety, anger and frustration caused by his government’s failure to take responsibility for this long-running injustice.
We deplore this cowardly and morally bankrupt attempt to kick the payment of compensation beyond the next general election.”
I know that the Leader of the House cares deeply about this issue and that she will be as disappointed as I am about the failure to put anything on it into the Budget.
Can we please have a statement from the Paymaster General about exactly what he is doing?
He is not talking to those infected or affected, he is not taking soundings from any of the campaign groups, and he is appointing people to advise him but we are not allowed to know their names.
It is time for a statement.