As I say, it is not a cap; if we need to raise the amount, we will.
I understand that another round of negotiations is about to start in  India on our long-promised trade deal.
The original proposal was to complete the trade deal by Diwali.
This year, Diwali is on  1 November , so will the Secretary of State give us an update on negotiations and agree that we should conclude the deal by  1 November ?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question and for his continual interest in us getting a high-quality trade deal with India, for which he has long been a passionate advocate.
Of course, the most important thing is what is in the deal, rather than the date that it is delivered.
We remain in round 14 and we recently welcomed Government of India negotiators to London.
The prize remains large—with tariffs as high as 150% for whisky and 125% for autos—and we want to ensure that we get our key service sectors able to export into a market of 1.4 billion people.
I call the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee.
The Secretary of State will have seen the recommendations that our Committee set out this morning for ending the circus of the Post Office administration of the redress schemes for victims of the Horizon scandal.
I know that she takes this incredibly seriously and so I know that she will study our cross-party recommendations for the new legislation that she is about to bring before the House.
The question for today is this: if we put all the ongoing investigations to one side, on the basis of the facts as they are known today, does she still have full confidence in Nick Read as the chief executive of the Post Office to run the redress schemes currently under way?
We thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his work.
I have taken a quick look at the report, although it was only issued this morning.
All the recommendations he makes in that report we have either fixed or are fixing with the assistance of the Horizon compensation advisory board.
We agree with him that we need to bring the compensation schemes in house.
The GLO—group litigation order—scheme is already being delivered by the Department for Business and Trade.
We believe that further compensation will flow from our overturning of convictions.
We will be overturning hundreds of convictions through legislation in this House very shortly, as quickly as possible, and that will provide a flow of hundreds of millions of pounds in compensation for those individuals.
That will be done by the Department for Business and Trade.
As the trade envoy to the western Balkans, the issue of Government-to-Government agreements is raised with me frequently.
There is no doubt that if they were available, more deals could be done with the Balkan countries.
Will the Minister give an update on the Government’s position, please?
I thank my hon.
Friend, in particular for his brilliant work as a trade envoy.
He covers more markets than any of our other trade envoys with great skill and dexterity.
Back in 2017, this Department and I were pioneers in putting in place a G-to-G agreement with Peru for the UK to be the delivery partner for the 2019 Pan American games.
A great deal of business with and in Peru has resulted since.
We remain open to  future G-to-G agreements on a case-by-case basis.
I am happy to meet him to discuss what specific things he has in mind that would work in the western Balkans.
I have repeatedly asked Ministers whether any strings were attached to the £500 million of taxpayers’ money that was given to Tata Steel, particularly with regard to job guarantees.
I have not had a straight answer, so I will try again today.