It is a free-for-all for developers.
More importantly, the council have moved to waste collection every three weeks.
That is not a problem, except the  service has been taken over by a draconian “1984”-style group of councillors who are determined to make the lives of the people of Tiverton and mid-Devon impossible.
The chair of scrutiny, who is incompetent and lazy, is doing nothing to scrutinise any of this.
We cannot have local government being run by people who seem to be out to make the lives of local people miserable, so please may we have a debate on local government?
It is sometimes said that in response to questions I refer the hon.
Member to the answer I gave some moments ago, but my hon.
Friend could stand up every week and refer me to the question he asked the week before.
He is assiduous in his campaigning to highlight the failures of his local authority, and I expect to see him doing exactly the same thing next week.
Passengers must feel confident when making train journeys.
In the last two weeks alone, there were major cancellations on South Western Railway, as well as mass delays on Southern and Thameslink.
At the same time, rail fares rose by nearly 5% on Sunday.
Everybody is paying more for less.
Is it not high time we had a debate in Government time on how we can support our crumbling rail infrastructure?
The hon.
Lady will know that the Department has made recent announcements on considerable uplifts to rail infrastructure.
There have been particular issues with the service provided by South Western Railway and the quality of its rolling stock.
The next Transport questions will not be for some time, so I will raise the hon.
Lady’s concerns with the Secretary of State and ask that his officials get in touch with her.
The Royal Air Force Museum in Colindale is one of London’s premier tourist attractions and many people use the tube to visit it.
However, Transport for London and the Mayor of London have decided that the works to upgrade Colindale tube station necessitate a six-month closure.
That is dire for commuters but also for visitors to the RAF Museum.
Will a Minister come to the Dispatch Box to advise what assistance can be provided to mitigate yet more unintended consequences from decisions made by the disastrous Mayor?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important point.
The Royal Air Force Museum is amazing; I was there recently at the RAF gallantry awards dinner.
At most times, such work would be very unfortunate for one of our most impressive national museums, but anniversaries coming up this year will mean more people will want to visit the museum, particularly to see the reconnaissance aircraft.
This matter is devolved to the Mayor of London, but I know my hon.
Friend has done service by getting the concerns of many people on the record.
I will ensure the relevant Department has heard his concerns, to see what pressure can be brought to bear on Transport for London and the Mayor of London.
The Budget means net tax cuts of £9 billion taking effect in an election year, but that is dwarfed by the £27 billion of tax increases that took effect last year and the £19 billion  of tax rises that will come into effect after the general election, because of the actions of her party.
The Chancellor has given with one hand and taken with the other.
Does the Leader of the House think that her party is fooling anyone?
I encourage the hon.
Lady to re-read the Chancellor’s Budget speech to see what progress we are making on growth and inward investment into this country.
This year, our investment summit had a record amount of money being put into this nation, with more than £30 billion garnered in just that week.