I am happy to meet him to discuss what specific things he has in mind that would work in the western Balkans.
I have repeatedly asked Ministers whether any strings were attached to the £500 million of taxpayers’ money that was given to Tata Steel, particularly with regard to job guarantees.
I have not had a straight answer, so I will try again today.
Can the Secretary of State please confirm whether any conditionality was attached to the £500 million, or did the Government simply buy Tata Steel’s bluff about closure, and give it £500 million so that we could make 2,800 people redundant?
The hon.
Gentleman attends the transition board meetings, so he knows that his question is not really relevant to what he is trying to get to the bottom of.
We provided £500 million to ensure that steel making continues in Port Talbot.
Tata made it clear that it was uneconomic and unsustainable to continue with steel making, so the support that we have given will ensure that north of 5,000 jobs will continue in Port Talbot, and it will support supply chains.
On top of that, £100 million has been provided to the transition board, so that its members, including the hon.
Gentleman, the unions and all the local representatives, can ensure that local people who need to go through transition get the support that they need.
Without that support, there would not be any future steel making at Port Talbot.
When will the Secretary of State wake up to the huge potential of universities to tackle all the problems in society, including climate change?
Will she come to Huddersfield, which has one of the best universities in the country?
It is working with local businesses to make the future safe for our country.
If the hon.
Gentleman sent a proposal to my office about what we could do on a visit to the University of Huddersfield, I would be very keen to take a look.
We support our universities.
If he has a specific business and trade angle in mind, we will see what we can do, if diaries allow.
Mr Hussein from east Devon, whom I represent, has effectively been robbed of £100,000, given that £40,000 of sub-standard building work has to be levelled and destroyed.
The Federation of Master Builders has campaigned for a compulsory licence scheme for construction companies.
The Domestic Buildings Works (Consumer Protection) Bill would outlaw cowboy builders, provide compensation for consumers and ensure that reputable builders were not undercut by unlicensed rogues.
Will the Minister take a fresh look at that Bill?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
Some of the most frequent correspondence that I get from colleagues from across the House relates to rogue builders.
We are determined to ensure that this does not happen to our constituents.
We advise them to use builders registered with TrustMark, which is a trusted scheme, to ensure that work is done properly.
I would be very happy to meet him to discuss that potential legislation.
Goldman Sachs has found that Brexit Britain has significantly underperformed compared with other advanced economies; the result is that UK GDP is 5% lower than it would have been had we not left the European Union.
Does the Secretary of State appreciate that best way to grow the economy, boost business confidence and reduce trade barriers is to rejoin to the EU?
I recommend to the hon.
Lady the report produced by my Department on  31 January  about the benefits of Brexit.
It explains exactly what is happening with the UK economy.
Claiming that GDP would have been 5% higher when we are outperforming our G7 partners is simply not credible.
She wants to take us back to square one, but that is exactly the reason why people need to stick with the Conservative plan.
I am very encouraged by the Secretary of State’s comments about the free trade deal with Israel.