Does the Secretary of State still have the confidence of the Leader of the House?
All we got from yesterday’s Budget was old news, briefed and leaked to the papers before it was given to Parliament.
The next time that the Leader of the House cries crocodile tears for the rights of this place, she could reflect on the Government’s failure to stand by the parliamentary convention that Budgets are delivered in the Chamber first.
I am sure that she was relieved  that her marginal constituency did not get a namecheck, because her colleagues were all complaining that their namecheck was the kiss of death.
On the substance, the verdict is now in.
The Office for Budget Responsibility forecasts that tax receipts as a proportion of GDP are set to rise to their highest level since the second world war.
The Resolution Foundation says that the big picture has not changed: taxes are heading up, and this will be the first Parliament in modern history in which living standards fall to be lower at the end than they were at the start.
The Institute for Fiscal Studies agrees that households are worse off since the last election, and no sooner had the Chancellor sat down than the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero,  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , criticised a key plank of the energy plans on Twitter.
The public’s verdict is also in.
A snap poll revealed that three in five voters think that the Government’s plan is not working.
The Sky News panel of 2019 Tory voters could not have been more damning: one voter said that the Budget was “absolutely farcical”.
Another said that the Government have “no plans”, and thought that the Budget was “a great vote loser” and “A waste of time”;
“time for them to go”,
said a third.
That is because on the big issues, this Budget changes nothing.
On taxes, for every 5p the Government are giving, they are taking 10p in tax rises.
Millions more middle-income families are paying more and more tax on their earnings, as they are dragged over higher tax thresholds.
Taxes are going up to their highest level in 70 years; the Government hate it, but that is the reality.
That is the truth of this Conservative Government.
On the public finances, borrowing has been revised upwards, with the Chancellor’s measures in the Budget adding £4 billion to borrowing, and debt as a share of GDP at its highest since the 1960s.
Borrowing to fund tax cuts—how irresponsible.
On growth, after everything the Chancellor announced was taken into account, growth forecasts were revised down from November.
Growth figures would have been even worse were it not for higher predictions of net migration.
The Government hate that too, but is the truth.
We are in a recession; the economy is smaller than when the Prime Minister entered Downing Street, there has been the biggest fall in living standards since records began, and real incomes are below what they were at the last election.
That is the Conservatives’ record, and it has the Prime Minister’s name written all over it.
Finally, disgracefully, the Chancellor made no mention at all of infected blood compensation or Horizon scandal redress.
The slowness in righting these wrongs is raised here most weeks.
The Business and Trade Committee’s highly critical report, out this morning, calls for a legally binding timetable for delivering redress to sub-postmasters, and for that to be taken completely out of the hands of the Post Office.
Does the Leader of the House agree?
Given everything she has said on both these injustices, does she understand the anger that no new money was allocated, and no timetable was given, for those compensation schemes in yesterday’s Budget?
Was not that omission just another short-term, cynical act that will store up problems for the next Government to sort out?