Does the Leader of the House agree?
Given everything she has said on both these injustices, does she understand the anger that no new money was allocated, and no timetable was given, for those compensation schemes in yesterday’s Budget?
Was not that omission just another short-term, cynical act that will store up problems for the next Government to sort out?
As ever, it is party before country.
These are the final acts of a desperate, dying Government.
I start by noting that tomorrow is International Women’s Day.
I point out that on most Thursdays, the primary players in this session are three women, and sometimes there is a fourth in the Speaker’s Chair.
It is sometimes noted that women are often the last to speak in meetings.
That may be true, but we are often the first to set the right tone and approach.
Politics needs more of us, and I hope that the spirit of tomorrow will carry into this important political year.
I turn to what the hon.
Lady said about a female colleague of ours, the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology.
The hon.
Lady can no doubt obtain from the Department details of some of the issues that she raised.
However, I remind the House, because the hon.
Lady was really probing the character of the Secretary of State, that when the latter was entitled to a redundancy payment of £16,000 for having been a Secretary of State, she did not take it, but handed it back to the Department, because that was the right thing to do.
That speaks volumes about my right hon.
Friend’s character, and how much she values the fact that we are talking about taxpayers’ money.
I see that the hon.
Lady is channelling Elmer Fudd this morning.
Bugs may not have been in the Chancellor’s hat, but there was support for businesses large and small, help for households, tax cuts for working people, and help for single-earner families.
Also, the price of fuel at the pump is being held down through another fuel duty freeze.
We will ensure that the benefit of that is handed on to the consumer via Pumpwatch.
I will not take any lectures from the Labour party on stewardship of public services and getting growth into our economy.
I will take no lectures on tax cutting from a Labour party that still has £28 billion of unfunded spending commitments, which can only be delivered through tax rises.
It was the Labour party that left office with a £71 billion black hole in the defence budget and equipment programme.
It was Labour that brought in the fuel duty escalator, and is clobbering the motorist in Wales and London.
It is the Labour party in Wales that has cut the NHS budget, not once, but three times.
That is in contrast to the increases that we have brought in, and the further £6 billion announced yesterday.
Labour’s NHS budget cuts are one reason why a quarter of the population in Wales is on a waiting list.
I will not take any lectures from Labour on council tax, which rose by 104% under their Administration; again, in Wales, it has nearly tripled since Labour has been in power.
We have reformed welfare to make work pay, doubled the personal allowance, cut national insurance and protected livelihoods and jobs through furlough, but Labour thinks it is a good use of taxpayers’ money to give asylum seekers £1,600 a month.
I will not take any lectures on supporting those earning the least from a Labour party that brought in the 10p rate.
The hon.
Lady’s rhetoric on growth and modernising our nation does not match her party’s agenda to unpick 40 years of trade union reform or tie businesses in red tape, and it does not sit well with its voting record on minimum service levels for the British public.