If so, what advice would she give to any Minister who is unable to support such a key plank of Government policy, either publicly or in any Budget votes ahead?
Finally, the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology has cost the taxpayer £15,000 after falsely accusing an academic of supporting Hamas.
Could we have a debate on the limits of privilege, specifically whether it is now the Government’s policy that Ministers can say whatever they like outside Parliament and be financially indemnified from the consequences by the taxpayer?
Does she consider it the taxpayer’s job to underwrite financially the Conservative party’s culture wars whenever its members overstep the mark?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his questions.
I have spoken to the leader of his party in Westminster regarding future Opposition day debates, and he knows that we will give more time to the SNP.
I think SNP Members were badly treated and we will make that right.
As I have explained, I also want to ensure that the Procedure Committee looks at what happened, because I do not want minority parties to receive more time on the Floor of this House and be in any doubt about how those debates will be conducted.
I understand that Mr Speaker has written to the Procedure Committee to ask it to do a quick piece of work, and I will announce future Opposition-day debates for the SNP.
I hope SNP Members will have confidence in what the Procedure Committee says.
The hon.
Gentleman raised particular Budget measures.
We have a balanced Budget—that is why the Chancellor made the decisions that he made.
It is the Government’s Budget and the Government’s plan.
It is rather cheeky of the hon.
Gentleman to lecture us about use of public funds; I refer him to what I said earlier about the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology.
The SNP is legendary in this respect.
Indeed, I had wrongly assumed that the appalling Willy Wonka experience in Glasgow had been laid on by the SNP, given its high-cost poor return, and the fact that the police were called.
However, the presence of a bouncy castle put paid to that theory, given that bouncy castles have been banned by SNP local authorities on health and safety grounds.
The lives of people across north Staffordshire have been blighted for far too long by the stench coming off Walleys Quarry landfill site in Newcastle-under-Lyme.
There is delight that the Environment Agency has now issued a suspension notice, so will my right hon.
Friend join me in paying tribute to our hon.
Friend  the Member for Newcastle-under-Lyme (Aaron Bell)  for the work he has done on this incredibly important issue?
Given that this issue affects communities up and down the country, including yours, Mr Speaker, will the Leader of the House find time for a debate on landfill sites?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for raising that important point.
It is unacceptable that residents in Newcastle-under-Lyme have, for far too long, had to put up with the appalling smells emanating from that quarry, and she is right to pay tribute to our hon.
Friend the Member for Newcastle-under-Lyme.
He has raised the issue many times in this House and has been fighting for his constituents.
I think he secured two Westminster Hall debates on the issue, and it is in very great part down to his efforts that it is being resolved.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
May I thank the Chair of the Procedure Committee for a timely and affirmative response to our request to examine the Westminster Hall Standing Orders?
To that end, I have written to the Leader of the House this morning, and I hope she will give a similarly timely and affirmative response.