Just last week, we announced an extra £4.7 billion of additional funding for local transport authorities in the north and midlands.
We want to make sure that decisions on transport are made locally and that the infrastructure is needed  and wanted by local communities, which is why we  are making sure that the funds from HS2 are being made available.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of  regulatory costs on small and medium-sized enterprises.
We are hacking through the red tape, not least with our smarter regulation programme.
We have announced reforms to employment law and the recording requirements of the working time directive, which will save UK businesses up to £1 billion, particularly benefiting SMEs.
I note that the Minister welcomed yesterday’s Budget as helping small businesses, particularly in the hospitality sector, which is very hard hit in my constituency.
One of the problems that many businesses tell us about is the business rates system.
More businesses have failed in the past two and a half years than have been established.
In Scotland, we often find that while the downsides of this Government’s policy are happily passed on by the Scottish Government, any benefits are not.
We would like to see complete reform of the rating system—not tinkering but reform.
Can the Minister tell us whether widespread reform is planned?
How would he plan to do it?
How could businesses in Scotland also benefit?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to point to some of the difficulties in the hospitality sector.
I speak to hospitality entrepreneurs in my constituency and across the country who are finding it difficult, which is why we stepped in with, first, a package of about £13 billion of business rates support, and there was £4.3 billion of business rates support last autumn.
We passed the equivalent moneys on to the Scottish Government to pass on to their hospitality venues, but they passed on none of it.
A typical pub in Scotland is £15,000 worse off than a typical pub in England, and a typical guest house is £30,000 worse off.
That is why Scotland has a 30% higher failure rate than England.
Similarly, a typical pub in Labour-run Wales is £6,000 worse off and a typical guest house is £12,000 worse off, and there is a 19% higher failure rate.
It is critical that the benefits are passed on to those businesses, and that we look for structural reform.
Anyone who wants to scrap business rates needs to show where the £22.5 billion of income will come from, rather than simply saying that they will scrap them without announcing a replacement.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of publicly naming employers for the enforcement of the national minimum wage.
Since 2011, we have published 20 press releases and named around 3,200 employers that have, in total, repaid over £41 million in arrears to over 460,000 workers.
We have recently had round 20 of the scheme.
Naming and shaming serves as a deterrent, but should we not go further against persistent offenders?
Paying the minimum wage is not an opt-out; it is a law that no company is above.
Stronger penalties,  including fines proportionate to the severity of the violation, to ensure that no employer can exploit its workers with impunity, would level the balance between employers and employees.
Will the Minister commit to exploring these measures to safeguard the rights and the dignity of workers?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to point to this measure.
We know that naming and shaming is a significant deterrent against underpayment of the national minimum wage, and we are very keen to ensure that naming continues.
Alas, in the most recent naming and shaming round, 2,800 minimum wage investigations returned more than £16.3 million in arrears to over 120,000 workers.
His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs issued businesses with nearly 700 fines, totalling £13.2 million.
As the hon.