Many of the things he is pointing out are things we have said will occur as trade flows move away from the European Union to the Indo-Pacific.
That is why we have left; that is why we are trading with the rest of the world.
The hon.
Gentleman should also know that our economy is 80% services, so most of the things he is talking about will not impact on the vast majority of the economy.
Services exports are booming, and we are doing well since leaving the EU.
What recent progress she has made on negotiating a free trade agreement with South Korea.
We have excellent relations with South Korea, as my right hon.
Friend will know as the Prime Minister’s trade envoy there.
Bilateral trade totalled £16 billion in the 12 months to September 2023.
Negotiations to upgrade our FTA with South Korea were launched as part of President Yoon’s state visit in November.
Round 1 of the talks has already taken place, and round 2 will take place later this month here in London.
On Tuesday, in my capacity as trade envoy, I attended the Korean embassy for the signing of a memorandum of understanding on the joint development of a small modular nuclear reactor—just one area in which the business between our two countries is growing ever stronger.
Will my right hon.
Friend press ahead with the enhanced free trade agreement, which will offer huge opportunities to build on the existing £17 billion trade relationship?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
In the UK, of course, we have our own, superb Rolls-Royce model of small modular reactor as well.
He is right about the importance of our growing trading relationship with Korea.
As a former Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, he will also know that 71% of our services trade with Korea last year was delivered digitally.[Official Report,  11 March 2024 , Vol.
747, c. 2MC.] (
Correction) We need to upgrade the deal to make sure that it reflects modern, digital trade as well.
Both countries are making good progress in the negotiations.
What steps she is taking to increase trade with Zimbabwe.
The Government were pleased that my hon.
Friend, who is the Prime Minister’s trade envoy to Angola, Zambia and Ethiopia, and members of the Westminster Africa  Business Group visited Zimbabwe on the group’s inaugural trade mission.
That is part of the Government’s work to promote opportunities for UK companies, particularly in critical minerals, renewable energy and sustainable agriculture.
I am grateful to the Minister for that response.
On my visit to Zimbabwe in January, I met the President and a number of other Ministers.
They made it very clear that they wanted to draw a line under the past, move forward and increase friendship—and, indeed, trade links—with this country.
What more can the Government do to enlighten companies and businesses in the UK about the many opportunities in Zimbabwe?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his report and letter to me all about that.
I am pleased with the high-level meetings he had on his recent visit and a lot of the media coverage.
Our embassy is following up by preparing for the Zimbabwe international trade fair in April, and it is expecting a strong UK presence.
My hon.
Friend’s return visit in April will be a perfect chance to progress the deals that we have and boost British investment for this year and beyond.
What steps she is taking to ensure future trade agreements include environmental protections.
The Government are committed to pursuing environmental provisions in our trade agreements and to using our multilateral trade policy, diplomatic efforts and trade promotion activity, all of which support our green objectives.
The Government boast about the trade deals they have done and the environmental protections they have secured, so presumably they have had the chance to analyse the impact.