Can we please have a statement from the Paymaster General about exactly what he is doing?
He is not talking to those infected or affected, he is not taking soundings from any of the campaign groups, and he is appointing people to advise him but we are not allowed to know their names.
It is time for a statement.
It is time to know what the Government are actually doing.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for raising that important point, and I am very happy to set the record straight.
It is not the intention to kick the can down the road on this issue.
The Paymaster General and I have a weekly update on it, and he is working very hard.
The right hon.
Lady will appreciate that, of all this process, this is the hardest bit—coming up with the scheme in short order and ensuring that it will deliver for those who are infected and affected.
I do not think the House will have to wait long before it is updated by the Paymaster General.
He is planning a tour across the UK to meet particular groups, and I hope he will be able to update the right hon.
Lady on that very swiftly.
This is a moral issue, and we have taken it seriously.
That is why we did the inquiry.
That is why we did the compensation review.
The Paymaster General will have to balance the issues the right hon.
Lady raises against being swift.
He feels that very deeply, and he will deliver for the House and all the victims.
Tomorrow is International Women’s Day, and today marks five months since the barbaric Hamas attack on Israel.
Of the 134 hostages still cruelly held by Hamas, 19 are women, and of those, five are teenage girls.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in marking International Women’s Day by supporting the campaign called #BringBackOurGirls?
Will she also take this opportunity to send a message to their families, who are enduring unimaginable pain and the living nightmare of these young women being in the hands of vicious rapist terrorists?
I thank my right hon.
and learned Friend for affording the whole House the opportunity to send the message to all the hostage families that they are still very much in our thoughts.
Of those women and girls still kept hostage, the youngest is 19 and the oldest is 70.
We can only imagine the horrors they are  facing.
This week the UN published its report on the sexual violence suffered by Israeli women and girls on  7 October .
It looked at over 5,000 photographs and over 50 hours of footage of those attacks, and it concluded that there was evidence at the Nova music festival of rape, gang rape and murder.
It is the most appalling situation, and I am glad that the UN now has that evidence on record and has produced that report.
We cannot let these poor women and girls suffer what they must be suffering a moment longer.
We must bring them home, and I am sure that is the sentiment of everyone in the House.
Constituents in West Lancashire have this week been deeply concerned about the threatened closure of our dial-a-ride service.
Yesterday, I learned that, unlike Conservative-led Lancashire County Council, Labour-led West Lancashire Borough Council has managed to find some additional funds for this year, and dial-a-ride has announced that it will be able to continue for the next financial year.
Could we please have a debate about the impact of over a decade of cuts to local government on the valuable community and voluntary sector, which all our constituents rely on?
The voluntary and community sector is thriving, and 13 million Brits volunteer every single month.
The services that the hon.
Lady talks about are incredibly important.
Different councils will be doing different things.