After decades of Government negligence, Sir Brian Langstaff was clear that the community of infected and affected people should be included to enact his inquiry recommendations.
However, the previous Government engaged in little to no communication with patients or organisations such as the Haemophilia Society and the Terrence Higgins Trust.
I am delighted that those recommendations are being enacted today, but could the Minister please tell us how he will be working with the Department of Health and Social Care and his colleagues in that Department to make sure that people get the compensation they deserve?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend’s constituent Sharon Moore for all her campaigning.
As I have said to the House, I have now given the instruction for interim payments to the estates of the deceased infected to open today, and I expect the Infected Blood Compensation Authority to make its first payments before the end of the year.
Subject to the House’s processes, I would hope that regulations for those who are affected—the second set of regulations—will be completed by the end of March next year, and I expect that payments to the affected to begin next year as well.
I am very pleased to hear that the Minister has opened applications for interim payments.
Will he elaborate on how those payments may be accessed, so that my constituents in Erewash can get their hands on them as fast as possible?
I invite all right hon.
and hon.
Members to go on the gov.uk website, which gives the details for the Infected Blood Compensation Authority.
I urge people with an interest to register with the authority, which is already sending out newsletters.
However, right hon.
and hon.
Members are also very welcome to write to me at the Cabinet Office about specific cases.
I will of course look into those cases and ensure there is a response.
I welcome the urgency with which this Government have moved this important issue forward, especially now that we know there is a timescale for applications being opened.
Will the Minister update the House on when victims can expect to receive their final compensation payments?
As I have indicated to the House, I expect the Infected Blood Compensation Authority to make its first payments before the end of the year, and to start payments to the affected next year.
The Government are moving as quickly as they can to ensure that people receive the compensation that, frankly, is long overdue.
I call the shadow Minister.
I warmly welcome the right hon.
Gentleman’s announcement on the £100,000 interim payments to the estates of the deceased infected, thereby maintaining the momentum that was established earlier this year, and I thank him for his thorough statement to the House yesterday introducing the statutory instrument.
Will he confirm that it is his intention to ramp up rapidly from the payouts to the test case cohort of 20 infected?
Can he give the House as much detail as he can about when others in the infected cohort should expect to receive their payouts?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for the constructive tone he has taken throughout the debates under this Government.
That continues the work we did when I was the shadow Minister, when we worked together to try to deliver these payments as quickly as possible.
The whole purpose of having the test cohort is to enable a range of different cases to be considered by the Infected Blood Compensation Authority, to give us the best possible opportunity to ramp up as quickly as possible.
That is why I expect the first payments to be made before the end of this year.
I then expect payments to the affected to begin next year, and I will ensure that regulations are placed before this House to make sure those deadlines are reached.
What steps he is taking to ensure high ministerial standards in government.