It is an indictment of the former Government and their 14 years of failure.
Even today, they shamelessly deflect and gaslight the very families whom they have failed.
Independent SEND provision is growing in Southampton Itchen and across the country.
Those places are needed, but councils are left at the mercy of market price and—often, when it comes to residential care—venture capitalists.
That is wrong.
Does the Minister agree that as part of whole-system reform we must return to basics, and that profiteering from SEND is the wrong approach?
Will she meet me and my constituents to hear what they want from this whole-system reform?
My hon.
Friend raises an important challenge that we are determined to address.
We want mainstream inclusive education in our state school system, which every child should have access to and thrive in.
However, we need specialist places for children with complex needs when that is the only place where their needs can be met, and a system that not only best serves the needs of children but is sustainable.
I will take away his comments, and that will be part of our thinking as we go ahead.
Other Members have asked about educational psychologists.
There is a real shortage right now.
Are the Government considering enabling other professionals to undertake some of the assessments to help unblock the waiting lists?
I thank the hon.
Lady for the constructive way in which she put her question.
I will take it away, and consider how it would fit into our broader plans to ensure that we have an education system that can meet the needs of children in terms of both their educational requirements and their mental health, special educational needs and disability requirements, within a broader health system that can meet those needs as well.
Far too many families in my constituency have come to me in tears, not just at the lack of support for their children with SEND but at a system that seems set up to stop them  getting that support.
How many appeals are successful because they should have got through the first time around?
People feel they are being let down by the system, so will the Minister please ensure that our reformed system will not make families have to fight to get the support that their children so desperately need?
My hon.
Friend is right: the system is letting down families and children, and creating a situation where not only are educational outcomes impacted by the poor response but too many families’ lives are affected by trying to deal with the system.
That is why we are determined to reform it.
The evidence shows very clearly that inclusive mainstream schools that meet demand will reduce the need for education, health and care plans, and the need for families to go through the process in the first place.
What additional resources will the Government provide to Worcestershire county council, given what will undoubtedly be the profound and devastating impact of the Government’s education tax?
The changes that we are looking to make to remove the exemptions for private schools will be used to fund more teachers in our state sector and create the inclusive mainstream education that we know every child deserves.
SEND provision in Conservative-run Norfolk has collapsed after years of adversarial mismanagement by the county council.
I welcome the steps that my hon.
Friend has taken so far.
Will she commit to recognising the value of co-production to ensure that SEND family voices are valued and money is spent wisely?
We are very clear that this reform is a journey that we want to go on with all those who support our children and families, whether that is teachers, school staff more broadly, education professionals, health professionals or local authorities.
Everybody wants this to work better, and we need to work together to achieve it.