I call Dr Danny Chambers.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, but I withdraw my question.
In that case, I will go to Gareth Snell.
The Minister will be aware that the dire financial inheritance bequeathed by the last Government means that there is rightly a renewed focus on how we spend public money.
Will she tell the House what work she is doing across Government to ensure better use of public money, drive down waste and improve efficiency, in particular with regard to consultants?
As the Minister responsible for public service reform, I am clear that every single pound saved on unnecessary consultancy spend is a pound invested in the renewal of our public services and delivering our ambitious missions to change the country.
We are taking tough action to cut down on wasteful consultancy spend.
We are acting to stop all non-essential Government consultancy spending this year and to halve Government  spending on consultancy in future years, with a target saving of £550 million in 2024-25 and £680 million in 2025-26.
As you can imagine, Mr Speaker, the people of Scotland are beside themselves with excitement—I would go so far as to say we are fair giddy—at the prospect of receiving a visit from the Prime Minister’s special envoy.
As we prepare the red carpet and the massed pipe bands to welcome her, may I ask exactly what was the Cabinet Office’s role in the creation of the post, when we will see a job description published, and when the special envoy will finally take up the post officially?
I thought the hon.
Member would be joining me in satisfaction at a nil-nil draw away from home last night.
As for the personnel matter that he raised, all I will say is that I am enormously grateful to the Prime Minister’s former chief of staff for her efforts as chief of staff.
I do believe that we want good, normal working relationships with the Scottish Government, and anything to do with the post will be announced in due course.
Despite representations from me and several members of Madeley parish council requesting action to tackle repeated flood incidents at Bar Hill and particularly Mallard Close, families and businesses in Newcastle-under-Lyme are still being let down by Conservative-run Staffordshire county council.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the resilience review so that we can deliver where others have failed?
As I mentioned earlier, the resilience review will strengthen our approach to resilience across a range of risks we face, including flooding.
We have already taken important measures through the creation of the dedicated floods resilience taskforce, the first meeting of which I attended last month.
The provision of blue-light escorts is clearly a matter of operational policing, but last week my colleagues on the London Assembly wrote to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster asking for an inquiry into the provision of tickets to politicians, including the Labour Mayor of London, and the pressure that was then applied to the Metropolitan police to provide an escort to Taylor Swift.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman conduct a review so that we can see what happened and ensure that, if mistakes were made, they are rectified and this does not happen again?
These are operational decisions for the police, but I am glad that the person who is currently the biggest pop star in the world was able to play in London, particularly following the threat of a terrorist attack at her previous concerts in Austria.
I am glad that the show went on.
It was fantastic to see senior officials from the UK’s closest allies in intelligence meet recently to co-ordinate the fight against fraud, which affects the most vulnerable members of my community in Erewash.
What steps  have the Government taken to support the Public Sector Fraud Authority to prevent, detect and recover fraud and error?