Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.
Today’s National Audit Office report confirms what parents, carers, children and young people across the country have been telling us for years: that our system to support those with special educational needs and disabilities is in crisis and on the brink.
The last Conservative Government’s abject failure to tackle the systemic problems facing SEND provision has been laid bare for all to see.
With half of children waiting longer than the statutory 20 weeks for an education, health and care plan, with outcomes not improving, with special schools over capacity and, damningly, with the Department for Education not knowing how much capacity is required to meet future need, we are failing our most vulnerable children.
Shockingly, 43% of councils are at risk of bankruptcy, given the deficits that they are racking up in their high- needs budget.
This is a nationwide issue.
Colleagues on both sides of the House have, like me, been inundated with casework from concerned and often desperate parents who just want to know that their children will receive the support they need without waiting for months or years.
The report makes clear the urgent need for whole-system reform, with joined-up thinking across local and national Government, the NHS and schools.
Will the Minister please give us a clear timeline for the full reform called for by the NAO?
Will she consider Liberal Democrat proposals for a new national body for SEND to support children with the most complex needs to tackle the postcode lottery?
What steps is she taking to incentivise early intervention, including training specialists for assessments and reducing the contributions that schools have to make before they can apply for an EHCP?
What is she doing to speed up the building of state special schools, given that local authorities are spending a staggering £2 billion on independent special schools?
Is she pressing the Chancellor for an urgent cash injection in next week’s Budget so that we can start cleaning up this mess?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising the issue and bringing it to the House.
She is absolutely right to draw attention to the National Audit Office report and its damning indictment of a system that has lost the confidence of families and is failing children with special educational needs and disabilities.
She rightly calls for the system to be reformed.
That is what this Government are absolutely focused on and determined to do.
One of the first differences that we made on coming into office was moving the special educational needs and disabilities remit within the schools sector.[Official Report,  4 November 2024 ; Vol.
756, c. 1WC.] (
Correction) Our vision is one of mainstream inclusive education for all children who would benefit from it, while having specialist schools where we know that children with the most complex needs can have those needs met.
That is not being delivered, and for far too many families it is not the reality.
It is a reality that we urgently need to see, not only to address the local authority deficits to which the hon.
Lady rightly refers, but to create better outcomes for children.
At the moment, the system costs the Treasury a significant amount.
The hon.
Lady tempts me into anticipating next week’s Budget statement or making announcements ahead of it, which she knows I cannot, but she is right to identify that the system costs an increasing amount but is not delivering the outcomes that children deserve and families want.
We are absolutely determined to reform the system.
We are working at pace.
All the changes that we have made since coming into office are to that end.
We have launched the curriculum and assessment review, which will support a broad and inclusive education for all children.