Friend is right to raise that question.
As the Environment Secretary has said, it is a matter of some regret that the previous Administration  left our country’s flood defences in the worst condition ever recorded, and it is communities such as my hon.
Friend’s that have unfortunately had to pay the price.
I can assure him that the resilience review will strengthen our approach to resilience across the whole range of risks that we face, including those in his constituency.
We have already taken steps to improve resilience across government.
If we are to ensure that the UK is resilient to the potential threats that face our country, it is vital that people who work to bring communities together and keep us safe are given the training, knowledge and skills that they need to play their part.
My constituency of Stoke-on-Trent South knows the importance of that more than most, with people working tirelessly to tackle and calm the racial tension at the centre of the violent disorder we saw over the summer.
Organisations such as the Emergency Planning College do fantastic work to deliver crisis management and resilience training.
Can the Minister tell the House what steps she is taking to support their work in that area?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, and in September I was delighted to visit the Emergency Planning College, which has served as the UK Government’s centre for resilience expertise since its founding 80 years ago.
I am pleased to report to the House that the UK Resilience Academy is on track to be established next April.
It will build on the training currently offered by the Cabinet Office’s Emergency Planning College, providing a wide range of training for organisations, businesses and individuals.
Of course, as part of the resilience review we will further consider whether policy is working in respect of training and skills, and where it needs to be improved.
I call the shadow Minister, John Glen.
I turn to another area of national resilience.
National security experts have been warning about the Chinese Communist party’s use of genomics companies to harvest DNA data globally and dominate the genomics industry supply chain.
Given the increasing importance of genomics for public healthcare, and the potential dual-use application of the technology, will the Minister confirm whether her Department is conducting a risk assessment on the data privacy, national security and ethical risks posed by genomic companies linked to systemic competitors?
The right hon.
Member is right to raise that question.
We will ban China’s economic engagement, and make sure we strengthen our national security.[Official Report,  28 October 2024 ; Vol.
755, c. 8WC.] (
Correction)
What recent progress he has made on establishing the infected blood compensation scheme.
What recent progress he has made on establishing the infected blood compensation scheme.
What recent progress he has made on establishing the infected blood compensation scheme.
Last week, the Infected Blood Compensation Authority issued a small number of invitations to begin testing a new claims service.
Furthermore, I can announce today that applications for interim payments to the estates of people whose death has not yet been recognised have now opened.
This is an important step in getting money into the hands of victims of the infected blood scandal.
My constituent Sharon Moore has been a fierce campaigner for victims of the infected blood scandal and their family members.
After decades of Government negligence, Sir Brian Langstaff was clear that the community of infected and affected people should be included to enact his inquiry recommendations.
However, the previous Government engaged in little to no communication with patients or organisations such as the Haemophilia Society and the Terrence Higgins Trust.
I am delighted that those recommendations are being enacted today, but could the Minister please tell us how he will be working with the Department of Health and Social Care and his colleagues in that Department to make sure that people get the compensation they deserve?