Friend for that question and commend the work of the Ayrshire chamber of commerce and businesses in his constituency.
The Prime Minister has set a clear direction for missions to mobilise action beyond Government, including across business, civil society and local government.
Missions require wider sectoral and societal engagement and action across the UK; they are not simply tasks for one agency or sector.
I am pleased by the progress that we are making in this area, and was delighted last week to see the launch of the civil society covenant, which marked a new beginning in the Government’s relationship with, and made clear the pivotal role of, civil society in delivering our missions.
Brew York and Piglets Adventure Farm are just two examples of highly innovative businesses in my constituency.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that, from lager to lambing, businesses will play a critical role in delivering the five missions, so business engagement is key?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting the work that Brew York and Piglets Adventure Farm do in his constituency.
I absolutely agree that engagement and working with business will be key to delivering on all five of our missions.
I congratulate the Government on trying to use the missions to stop the siloed working between Departments in order to achieve the change that the country needs.
On the housing mission, it is important that we link in the Treasury and the Departments for Health and Social Care, for Transport, for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and for Energy Security and Net Zero, to ensure that we build the 1.5 million homes that we need.
In Milton Keynes, we have seen how house building can create opportunities, but public support is lost when the necessary vital public services and infra- structure do not come alongside new houses.
How is the Cabinet Office bringing together all those Departments so that we can achieve our housing mission?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting the importance of housing, which is central to what we are doing in government.
Each of our five national missions is ambitious and will require input and action from a number of Government Departments.
That is precisely why we are running them as missions, and not in the traditional departmental silos.
As would be expected, the Cabinet Office is key to supporting that; the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, who is deputy chair on all mission boards, and myself are playing active roles in facilitating that cross-Government working, supported by a specialist mission delivery unit in the Cabinet office.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening national resilience.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening national resilience.
Our first duty as a Government is to keep people safe.
It is clear that we need to act on recent public inquiries that have called for reform, such as those into the Grenfell Tower tragedy and the covid-19 pandemic.
That is why the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster is leading a review into national resilience against the range of risks the UK faces.
In the last year alone, we have seen a mini-tornado in Nottingham, flash floods in Madeley and rain like no other across Newcastle-under-Lyme.
We see the devastating effects of climate change every day.
What is the Minister doing to improve resilience and preparation across central Government, local authorities, local communities and emergency services, to ensure that Newcastle-under-Lyme and the rest of our country are prepared for any and every extreme weather event?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise that question.
As the Environment Secretary has said, it is a matter of some regret that the previous Administration  left our country’s flood defences in the worst condition ever recorded, and it is communities such as my hon.
Friend’s that have unfortunately had to pay the price.