I will raise the important point she has made with my colleague in the Department of Health who has responsibility for apprenticeships.
My hon.
Friend can see just how keen I am to act on this issue.
He is right that taxpayers are paying the price for the Conservative Government allowing waste and fraud to spiral out of control.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer recently took decisive action by appointing a new covid counter-fraud commissioner to help us recover public money and ensure that this never happens again.
I am working closely with the Public Sector Fraud Authority to push every avenue to detect fraud, from advanced artificial intelligence and analytics through to strengthening our enforcement powers.
It is a privilege to follow the contributions today, in particular that of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Beckenham and Penge (Liam Conlon) , who spoke so powerfully about his personal experiences.
I know he will be a great champion for his constituency.
I am honoured to be the Member of Parliament for the newly renamed Burton and Uttoxeter constituency—a community rich in history and diversity.
Although there were no boundary changes, the inclusion of Uttoxeter recognises the proud people and industries that are integral to our area.
I am further honoured to be delivering my maiden speech in this debate on Black History Month, which reminds us of the importance of recognising the contributions of black Britons, past and present, to our society.
In my constituency, the Burton Caribbean Association has supported residents for more than 45 years.
Its efforts have enriched our community and celebrated the heritage of black Britons in our towns, and I look forward to supporting its work.
As I serve in this House, I commit to representing the diverse communities across my constituency, ensuring that their voices are heard, their contributions celebrated and their challenges addressed.
We all have a duty to ensure that black history is British history, woven into the fabric of our national identity not just for one month,  but all year round.
It is essential that we not only recognise that history, but address the challenges of inequity that remain.
To be elected to this House is the greatest honour that anyone can bestow, but have the opportunity to serve your home town, as I do, is particularly special.
I grew up in Stretton and went to local schools, William Shrewsbury and de Ferrers—the primary schoolteacher who appointed me to the school council all those years ago that she has a lot to answer for.
On the campaign trail, I bumped into many of my former teachers and schoolfriends, including my former headteacher, Mrs Hunter.
While I was campaigning after becoming an MP, a former teacher said, “I must be getting old, my former student is now my MP.”
You can imagine, Madam Deputy Speaker, how strange this must feel for my parents, who are watching this debate.
I believe they were the hardest-working parents of any candidate across the country and without them I could not do this job.
They have been with me from the very beginning—quite literally.
I come from a military family and I am proud of the service of my brother, alongside all who wear the uniform of our country and defend our freedom.
As Remembrance Day approaches, it serves as a powerful moment to reflect on those who have given their lives in service to our country, and to honour the sacrifices made by veterans, current service personnel and their families.
The values of duty, service and sacrifice are not just words; they are the lived experiences of everyone who serves, and I will always advocate for ensuring that they receive the respect, care, and support they have earned.
I pay tribute to my immediate predecessor, Kate Kniveton, who served in this House from 2019 until the last election.
Like me, she is a Burtonian and a former employee at the Burton Albion football club.