We are working at pace.
All the changes that we have made since coming into office are to that end.
We have launched the curriculum and assessment review, which will support a broad and inclusive education for all children.
We have made changes to Ofsted; those changes are continuing at pace to ensure that the system takes into account the whole school life and journey.
That includes creating an inclusive environment for children with special educational needs.
Most of all, we are determined to restore parents’ trust that, in our education system, if their child has special educational needs they will be identified early—  we know that early identification is key—and supported.
We are continuing to support early language and speech intervention and to prioritise the roll-out of special educational needs training for the early years workforce to ensure that children’s needs can be identified at the earliest point.
We are expanding our childcare system to ensure that more children can get into settings as early as possible, so any needs can be identified and so we can rebuild the public’s trust that every child in our state sector will get the opportunity of a fantastic education, regardless of any additional special educational needs or disabilities.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee on Education.
The National Audit Office report could not be clearer: children and young people and their families are being failed by a SEND system that cannot meet their needs, and local authorities are being driven to the edge of a financial precipice by a £3.4 billion funding gap.
This Government have inherited an appalling legacy.
The Government are clear that their focus is on the early identification of need and the inclusivity of mainstream schools, but the report notes that there is currently no process or funding to support early identification, and no specific funding or Ofsted measure on SEND support or inclusivity.
Can the Minister say more about how the Government will provide the resources and the levers of accountability to address the scale of the crisis?
Order.
Can Members please all look to the Chair?
You are speaking to me, not the Minister.
Look to the Chair, so I can hear, and then I can help.
Minister, you can be a good example for everybody.
I welcome my hon.
Friend to her position as Chair of the Education Committee, which I know will undertake vital work scrutinising the Government’s approach on this issue and on many others.
We know that wider change is needed, which is why we have started to make improvements as quickly as possible.
The changes that I outlined to  the hon.
Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson)  amount to a whole-system change to ensure that the inclusive mainstream education that the National Audit Office has identified will provide the education that many children deserve but are not currently receiving.
However, it will take time, and we will not be making promises that we cannot keep.
There are some things that we can move on very quickly, but there are others that will take time to show.
The change that the NAO report highlights as being desperately needed will take time, so we ask for patience while we make these incredibly urgent changes.
I call the shadow Minister.
I am grateful to  the hon.
Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson)  for securing this urgent question.
The Opposition welcome the NAO report.
Every hon.
Member will regularly be dealing with constituents’ SEND cases.
The growing demand is why we put major increases in funding in place to ensure that children get the support they need.
The last Government worked with the sector on comprehensive reforms, but since the election we have heard very little from this Government  about their plans for reform.
We look for more clarity, and we certainly support greater inclusivity.