Following the collapse of five companies of the SK:N group, a large employer in Nuneaton, the health services that the companies offered have been impacted.
Will the Minister please explain what steps the Government are taking to ensure that Departments have contingency plans to sustain the work of those companies to private healthcare patients?
I hope that my hon.
Friend will appreciate that I cannot comment on the specifics of the case that she mentioned, but when any business collapses it causes huge distress to the customers and people who work there, including those in her constituency.
In general, independent providers of NHS services must hold an NHS provider licence unless exempt.
Licensed providers of services that are hard to replace are subject to financial and risk-based quality governance oversight to safeguard the continuity of services for patients.
If my hon.
Friend wishes to write to me with further details, I will ensure that the relevant Minister gets back to her.
Almost 48,000 companies in the south-west are now classed as in significant economic distress, according to the latest Begbies Traynor’s “Red Flag Alert” report.
That is visible in market towns in Glastonbury and Somerton such as Wincanton and Street, which are losing high street stores.
What steps is the Minister taking with her Cabinet colleagues to support businesses in the south-west?
This Government are determined to support growth in this country, as one of their driving missions.
Work is going on across Government to support economic growth and investment and to ensure that high streets thrive again.
What steps he is taking to reform public procurement.
What steps he is taking to reform public procurement.
We will end the waste, inefficiency and cronyism that set in under the previous Government.
Under this Government, procurement will deliver value for money, better public services and our national missions.
As a first step, we are bringing forward a new national procurement policy statement under the Procurement Act 2023, which will deliver a mission-led procurement regime.
It will drive value for money, economic growth and social value.
We have also taken steps to cut down on wasteful consultancy spending, and have worked to set up a new covid counter-fraud commissioner.
As set out in our plan to make work pay, we will also take further reforms set out in our manifesto.
I thank the Minister for mentioning cronyism in her answer.
The biggest procurement scandal I have seen in my lifetime was under the last Conservative Government, when Ministers gave dodgy contracts to their mates and donors.
They took our country’s reputation for honesty and integrity and trashed it.
Residents in my constituency are not only angry but disgusted and ashamed.
Will the Minister update the House on the steps the Government are taking to ensure that there will never be a repeat of this episode?
rose—
That was a dramatic pause—apologies.
Where the public has been defrauded, will we get our money back for public services?
My hon.
Friend can see just how keen I am to act on this issue.
He is right that taxpayers are paying the price for the Conservative Government allowing waste and fraud to spiral out of control.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer recently took decisive action by appointing a new covid counter-fraud commissioner to help us recover public money and ensure that this never happens again.[Official Report,  11 November 2024 ; Vol.
756, c. 5WC.] (
Correction) I am working closely with the Public Sector Fraud Authority to push every avenue to detect fraud, from advanced artificial intelligence and analytics through to strengthening our enforcement powers.
Does the Minister agree that, when done right, public procurement can deliver positive change in our communities, especially given the poor state in which the previous Government left the public finances?