756, c. 5WC.] (
Correction) I am working closely with the Public Sector Fraud Authority to push every avenue to detect fraud, from advanced artificial intelligence and analytics through to strengthening our enforcement powers.
Does the Minister agree that, when done right, public procurement can deliver positive change in our communities, especially given the poor state in which the previous Government left the public finances?
What steps will she take to ensure that social value is properly embedded in our procurement frameworks, while delivering value for taxpayers and contributing to growth in our local economies?
I agree that procurement can be a powerful tool for delivering change in our society.
Public sector procurement can help to drive our ambitions around growth, opening up opportunities for communities across the UK.
The Government are currently consulting on a new national procurement policy statement that will set out our expectations around mission delivery and social value.
I thank the Minister for her very helpful answers.
What steps have been taken to ensure that small and medium-sized enterprises in Northern Ireland, and further afield in the United Kingdom, have readily available access to the public procurement system, to ensure that they can secure the best goods for their business and thereby help our economy in Northern Ireland to grow?
Supporting SMEs through procurement is a huge priority for the Government.
It is one of the things that we are consulting on as part of the new national procurement policy statement that I talked about.
We are looking across our work in government to ensure that SMEs are part of the procurement process.
This is a subject on which we will come back to the House.
What recent discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Defence on pay awards for employees of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary.
The Royal Fleet Auxiliary staff do excellent work on behalf of the Royal Navy and for our national security, and I pay tribute to them for that work.
I have been in contact with the Secretary of State for Defence on this issue.
I am hopeful that a resolution can be found on the pay matters currently under discussion between Nautilus, the RMT and the Royal Fleet Auxiliary, and that the current dispute can be resolved.
I welcome the efforts of the Cabinet Office and other Government Departments—unlike the previous Government, who sat on their hands—to resolve this dispute in the not-too-distant future.
I urge Ministers to double their efforts with colleagues in the Ministry of Defence and the Treasury.
Government officials are in negotiations with the trade unions.
We want to see an end to the dispute that results in a fair pay offer for the workers involved and delivers value for money for the taxpayer.
That is what we will try to achieve.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce trade barriers with the EU.
The Prime Minister and President von der Leyen have agreed to strengthen the relationship between the UK and the EU.
Vice-President Šefčovič, whom I met in Strasbourg on Tuesday, and I will be getting the reset moving this autumn.
As part of this, the Government will seek to negotiate a sanitary and phytosanitary agreement and remove other barriers to trade.
The British Poultry Council has recorded a 50% drop in poultry-linked exports since 2020.
Between 2019 and 2022, UK agrifood exports to the EU contracted by 5% and have struggled to recover to 2019 levels.
Rural businesses are being held back from exporting to the EU due to costly border charges and administrative hurdles.
Has the Minister’s Department assessed the impact on food prices if a veterinary and plant agreement with the EU is not reached before Christmas?
The hon.
Gentleman’s question sets out exactly why negotiating an SPS agreement is so important.