That is why I expect the first payments to be made before the end of this year.
I then expect payments to the affected to begin next year, and I will ensure that regulations are placed before this House to make sure those deadlines are reached.
What steps he is taking to ensure high ministerial standards in government.
The behaviour of Conservative Ministers in their 14 years in power—partying in Downing Street while people in the whole country sacrificed their freedom, handing lucrative covid contracts to friends and donors, and failing to expel MPs caught breaking the rules—shattered trust in politics.
This new Government are determined to restore trust in politics.
The Prime Minister has made it clear that he expects the highest standards from those who have the privilege of serving in his Government, and he will soon be issuing an updated ministerial code.
Alongside this, we are taking a range of other measures to restore confidence in government as a force for good.
As a veterinary surgeon, I am expected to maintain the highest professional and behavioural standards at all times, as are those in many other regulated professions such as doctors and teachers, and if I fail to meet those standards I face the very real prospect of being struck off.
Given the behaviour of previous Ministers and even a Prime Minister, does the Minister agree that, if we enshrined the ministerial code in law, that would restore trust in politics and ensure that people who lie and break the rules face very real consequences?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
As the Leader of the House has said:
“This new Parliament offers a chance to turn the page after the sorry and sordid record of the last.
”—[Official Report,  25 July 2024 ; Vol.
752, c. 857.]
That is why we will be issuing a new robust ministerial code.
As we promised in our manifesto, the House has established a Modernisation Committee, which will be tasked with driving up standards and addressing the culture of the House.
That sits alongside the work the Cabinet Office is doing to improve standards and confidence in politics.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Opposition support the new Government’s aspirations for the highest ministerial standards, and we acknowledge the significant experience that the Prime Minister’s former chief of staff can bring to her role as envoy to the nations and regions.
Why then, in breach of Cabinet Office guidance, have Ministers not published a word on her terms of reference, her new salary or her special adviser severance payment, and is she correct in her understanding that she is at the top of the list of new peers?
Anything in relation to the former chief of staff will be announced in due course.
It is not right for me to comment on the terms and conditions of any individual.
What steps he plans to take to strengthen the Union.
What progress he has made on resetting relations with the devolved Administrations.
This Government were elected to deliver for people throughout the United Kingdom, and whatever political differences we have in different parts of the UK, the public expect us to work together for the common good.
That is why we held the Council of the Nations and Regions recently in Edinburgh, which was focused on investment and good jobs across the country.
I am sure we all agree that local communities know what is best for their own affairs.
Will the Minister formalise the council of Ministers so that the Governments of Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, along with regional leaders in England, can meet regularly to shape their communities?
The idea is that the Council of the Nations and Regions, which met in Edinburgh the other week, will meet twice a year.
However, I believe that these relationships are about more than formal meetings.