I call the shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.
Can the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster provide an update on the current situation for British nationals in Lebanon, including the measures being taken to ensure their safety?
Are there any plans for further evacuations, given the ongoing instability in that region?
The situation in Lebanon is serious, and there are several thousand UK nationals in Lebanon.
The Foreign Office advice for some time has been simple: leave now.
The Government have chartered several flights to help UK nationals to leave.
We are also running a “register your presence” site, to ensure we can track anyone who is in country and have the best possible communications with them.
We have made preparations for other evacuation measures, should they be necessary for the protection of our citizens in Lebanon.
I thank the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for that answer.
May I echo from the Opposition Benches that the correct approach for British nationals is to leave now, rather than to rely on the Government to take further steps for them?
However, in the event that the situation deteriorates further, what contingency plans do the Government have in place to ensure the swift and safe evacuation of British nationals, particularly in high-risk areas?
We have been monitoring the situation closely for some months.
I assure the right hon.
Gentleman and the whole House that the Foreign Office, the Ministry of Defence and all parts of Government are putting in place the necessary measures, should the situation on the ground change to a point where we judge that more needs to be done to get people out of the country.
The Minister will be well aware that thousands of low-paid workers are being exploited on outsourced contracts in Government buildings, including cleaners, security guards and people in catering.
Will he update the House on what progress is being made to in-source these jobs?
After all, they are critical to the efficient operation of Parliament.
Whether workers are working in-sourced or outsourced, we always want them to have a good deal and a fair deal at work.
That is why the Government  brought forward this week a powerful Bill to improve employment rights for people right across the board.
We believe that when people go to work they deserve fair pay and decent conditions.
Figures from London councils show that three in 10 Londoners who were turned away from polling stations due to a lack of appropriate voter ID did not return to vote.
What assessment has been made of the impact on overall turnout of the voter ID laws implemented by the last Government, particularly when it is understood that those measures disproportionately affect already disenfranchised communities, such as those renting from a social landlord, the unemployed, lower social grades, disabled people and young people?
It is very important that the voter ID system does not prevent people who have a legitimate right to vote from exercising their democratic right, so we are keeping it under review, and we are already making a change to make it easier for veterans to get the ID necessary to vote.
Will the duty of candour in the Hillsborough law apply to the 70-year-long nuclear test veterans scandal?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question; she is a long-standing champion for justice for victims of the infected blood scandal and, indeed, the nuclear test veterans that she mentioned.
We are looking to introduce a broad duty of candour—a general duty of candour.
I should also point out that criminal sanctions will be really important to punish the most egregious breaches, and I am pleased to confirm today, as the Prime Minister announced in September, that the Bill we will bring forward will include criminal sanctions.
I call Dr Danny Chambers.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, but I withdraw my question.
In that case, I will go to Gareth Snell.