Whether that is done through the education system, which my Department is responsible for, or through the health service, we need to work collaboratively across Government to address the huge backlogs that far too many people face in getting the support that they need.
I can assure him that that is a priority for us.
In the past two weeks, I have met two families whose children are suicidal, one of whom is nine years old.
The other one was committed to a secure unit for most of 2023.
The cause of their suicidal thoughts was their educational needs not being met by the education system.
Neither of those children have EHCPs.
Conservative-controlled West Sussex county council is completing only 9.4% of EHCPs within 20 weeks.
One block is the lack of educational psychologists.
Does the Minister agree that increasing the supply of educational psychologists is essential?
I am so sorry to hear about the cases the hon.
Lady raises.
She highlights very well the huge challenge that we face in addressing needs—in ensuring that we have not only the inclusive mainstream education system that every child should feel they belong in, and that provides the education they need, but the mental health support that we know is sadly lacking.
The waiting lists are too long for far too many children and families.
We are prioritising investment to ensure mental health support and educational psychologists are available in schools, because we know how important it is to get the right support in place to help the families and individuals affected, and to enable schools to address these needs.
After today’s shocking report, does the Minister agree with me that we need to rebuild the SEND system from the ground up?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
This change needs to be delivered in conjunction with teachers, families, councils, educational psychologists and the health sector.
We need to work together to ensure support is available at every stage.
The system needs reform and significant change.
We cannot carry on as we are with this “lose, lose, lose” system, which is letting down far too many families.
Are the Government surging support to local authorities to help them process and complete EHCPs within the statutory timeframes?
My communities are seeing a significant increase in applications because of the decision to impose VAT on independent schools.
I have three SEND schools—[Interruption.]
Government Members may shout, but that is the reality my councils face.
I am asking for urgent support for those councils that have to deal with these increased numbers.
We have been clear about our manifesto commitment and our approach in Government.
Our priority is to ensure that we have the investment in our schools that we need in order to ensure that every child has the teaching and the school experience that they deserve.
We know that councils are facing significant  challenges processing applications and delivering for children with special educational needs after 14 years of a system that has let down families and children, and which the former Secretary of State for Education herself described as “lose, lose, lose.”
This is the legacy we are dealing with and the mess we are clearing up, but we are determined to do that for families and children who we know deserve better.
Sadly, today’s report confirms what many parents in my constituency of Leeds South West and Morley have been telling me since long before the election: the SEND system in this country is failing.
As a secondary school maths teacher, I know all too well that SEND provision is not up to scratch.
I have seen at first hand that, after 14 years of negligence by the Conservative party, parents and children have lost hope of ever seeing an improvement in the system, following the SEND crisis.