Will she commit to recognising the value of co-production to ensure that SEND family voices are valued and money is spent wisely?
We are very clear that this reform is a journey that we want to go on with all those who support our children and families, whether that is teachers, school staff more broadly, education professionals, health professionals or local authorities.
Everybody wants this to work better, and we need to work together to achieve it.
Data for autumn 2023 and spring 2024 shows that more than a third of children with an EHC plan were persistently absent—more than double the rate for pupils without identified SEND.
Persistent absence is a very complex issue, and a multi-faceted approach is needed to tackle the problem.
In the light of this damning report from the National Audit Office, does the Minister agree that we cannot have parents facing prosecution for the failings of the system?
How will she work across Government to ensure that parents of children with SEND can be sure that their children will get the support that they need to attend school safely and receive the education that they deserve?
The Government have inherited an absence epidemic in this country.
Last year, one in five children were persistently absent from school, missing a day every fortnight or more.
We know that strong  foundations are rooted in attendance at school.
Children cannot receive an outstanding education that unlocks opportunities if they are not in school.
I recognise the challenge that the hon.
Lady has set out.
It is important that we work together to create an inclusive mainstream education system that every child wants to attend and feels they belong to, so that those opportunities are unlocked for them, as they should be for every child in this country.
I thank the Minister for her statement on this damning report on SEND.
Last week, the Minister and the Secretary of State visited my constituency.
We went to Mount Pleasant Primary, a shining example of inclusive mainstream SEND provision in the state sector.
Does the Minister agree with me and the teachers there that children with physical conditions and disabilities could be referred for an EHCP by their GP much earlier, so that they arrive at school with everything they need in place, ready to excel in their education?
The visit to that school in my hon.
Friend’s constituency was wonderful.
The school is one of many examples of the provision of inclusive mainstream education.
We need such provision to be in schools in every community and available to every child.
She rightly recognises the challenges of co-ordinating between health services and education provision, and the vital importance of those systems working together to achieve outcomes for children.
I will certainly take away her specific suggestion and share it with my colleagues in the Department for Health and Social Care.
Parents in my constituency are not interested in what the Minister thinks about the Conservative party.
They may recall that EHCPs were introduced under the coalition Government.
They want us to work together to make things better.
We all know that a problem with EHCPs has led to a tripling of costs for county councils.
In the Westminster Hall debate that the Minister took part in with me recently, she was much more constructive than she is being today, and I would like to believe that that is the approach that she wants to take to these issues.
Does she have a timescale for the reform of EHCPs?
I appreciate the hon.
Gentleman’s comments, and I will always work cross-party with colleagues to achieve the best for all children in this country, but levelling the blame for the current situation at a Government only five months old cannot be accepted; the inheritance that we have taken on cannot be underestimated.