Over the last few years we have seen an increase in attacks by foreign Governments on UK cyber-security.
Will the Minister please update us on what steps his Department is taking to ensure our public services across the UK are fully protected?
This is vital work for the Government.
We have a combination of legacy systems with vulnerabilities and, of course, constant investment in new systems to ensure our public services can work in the most modern way.
It is really important that we guard against either foreign state interference or other malign actors who would try to disable institutions and disable public services through cyber-attacks.
That is an important part of resilience and an important part of protecting services for the public good.
Will my right hon.
Friend tell me what steps he is taking to keep Scotland at the heart of the Union and keep Ayrshire’s economy growing?
I believe that people in Scotland have tired of the politics of grievance and division.
They expect Governments, whatever their political colour, to work together to promote economic growth, get inward investment in, get good jobs for people and have good public services.
Would that not be a refreshing contrast to some of the division we have had in recent years?
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Education if she will make a statement on support for children and young people with special educational needs and disabilities.
Every child deserves the opportunity to achieve and thrive, but at the moment far from every child is being given that chance.
Today’s report from the National Audit Office is, sadly, bang on the money: the system has totally lost the confidence of families.
Families and children with special educational needs are being failed, on every measure, and even shadow Ministers have admitted that they should hang their heads in shame at the failure to support them.
Our promise to families is that we are absolutely committed to regaining parents’ confidence in the special educational needs and disabilities system, but that will be a huge and complex reform.
There is no magic wand and no quick fix, so we continue to ask for patience as we work as quickly as we can to make the changes that I know families are crying out for.
There is light at the end of the tunnel.
Today we have published independently commissioned insight that suggests that if the system were extensively improved through early intervention and better resourcing in mainstream schools, the needs of tens of thousands more children and young people could be met without an education, health and care plan, and in a mainstream setting rather than a specialist placement.
That can pave the way for a sustainable system in which schools cater for all children, and special schools cater only for those with the most complex needs.
Our plans include strengthening accountability for mainstream settings to be inclusive, for instance through Ofsted, and helping the mainstream workforce to have SEND expertise.
It is clear that we need to work with the teachers, parents, children, therapists and councils who, for so long, have been trying but have been set up to fail by a broken system.
This work forms part of the Government’s opportunity mission, which will break the unfair link between background and opportunity and will start by giving every child, including children with special educational needs and disabilities, the best start in life.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.
Today’s National Audit Office report confirms what parents, carers, children and young people across the country have been telling us for years: that our system to support those with special educational needs and disabilities is in crisis and on the brink.
The last Conservative Government’s abject failure to tackle the systemic problems facing SEND provision has been laid bare for all to see.