The values of duty, service and sacrifice are not just words; they are the lived experiences of everyone who serves, and I will always advocate for ensuring that they receive the respect, care, and support they have earned.
I pay tribute to my immediate predecessor, Kate Kniveton, who served in this House from 2019 until the last election.
Like me, she is a Burtonian and a former employee at the Burton Albion football club.
Kate used to manage hospitality and I used to manage the bar in the stand, so I am used to managing difficult people—such as Opposition Members.
I commend Kate’s courage and bravery in speaking out about the sexual violence she faced.
For any woman to go through that privately must be unimaginable, but to waive anonymity and do so in the public eye to help other women is commendable.
She undoubtedly helped others through speaking out, and I wish her and her daughter well for the future.
I also recognise my Labour predecessor and friend, Janet Dean, who served as the MP for Burton from 1997 to 2010.
When Janet was elected to this House, I was not quite born yet—apologies if I have made anybody feel old—but it was Janet and her colleagues in that Labour Government who gave children like me new textbooks, new play equipment, smaller class sizes and specialist support for more vulnerable children.
Much of that has now been unpicked, and it falls to this Government to give kids today the opportunities that I and my generation had under that last Labour Government.
Janet has continued to dedicate herself to serving the community and can still be found helping out in Uttoxeter, particularly at Redfern’s Cottage, where she makes a mean cheese scone.
I am delighted to represent a constituency that is diverse in both its people and its places.
We have two major towns surrounded by many beautiful villages.
Our largest town, Burton upon Trent, is best known for its brewing heritage.
We are still the heart of UK brewing today, with large companies such as Molson Coors and Marston’s and independent brewers such as Burton  Bridge, Uttoxeter Brewing Company and Tower Brewery.
We often hear the remark that there must be something in the water, but in Burton there literally is: our water is rich in calcium sulphate, creating the ideal formula for pale ales and bitter—so much so that many other places copied us through a process called Burtonisation.
Members are of course welcome to join me in sampling the original and the best.
The iconic red triangle of Bass became the world’s first ever registered trademark.
Because of Bass’s global reach, it can be found all over the world, though of course, hon.
Members will spot it in the many wonderful pubs across my constituency.
The Devonshire Arms and the Coopers Tavern are my personal favourites.
During my time in the House I will be an advocate for the brewing industry and our pubs, which are a key part of not only our history, but of our present and future.
In Burton, more than 15 different languages are spoken.
We have vibrant Pakistani, Polish and Romanian cultures.
That mix of cultures makes us stronger and is in keeping with the motto of our county of Staffordshire, “The Knot Unites”.
If you head north-west from Burton, Madam Deputy Speaker, you will probably do so on the A50, where you will most likely end up in congestion—do not worry: that is something I am working on with the Roads Minister, who happens to be on the Front Bench—but eventually, you will end up in the town of Uttoxeter.
Uttoxeter is a beautiful and proud town with a rich history of agriculture and manufacturing, and is home to Uttoxeter racecourse.
In the short time I have been Uttoxeter’s MP, I have heard several quite strange pronunciations of the town’s name from hon.
Members.