We are starting a process with local authorities and trusts with the mainstream schools that are in scope, with a strong focus on assessing that need to make sure that school places are in the local area, where they should be, and that they align with our vision for mainstream inclusive education for every child who needs it.
Nearly 5% of children in Hackney have an EHCP—and that is not accounting for others who have special educational needs.
With schools closing, we have an opportunity to create alternative provision.
The other week, one poor headteacher told me that more than a third of her reception class has special educational needs, most of which were not identified before the children started school.
Clearly, there is a need for a different vision.
Will my hon.
Friend meet me and people from Hackney—or even visit Hackney—to see what we can do with spare school spaces to motor this change forward in Hackney, faster than is possible nationally?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
She rightly identifies the need to ensure that we have the right school places for children whose needs are currently not being met in the most productive way possible.
We are open to meeting hon.
Members to discuss where in their constituencies this can best be achieved.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this further.
Cambridgeshire county council is failing to meet the conditions of the dedicated school grants safety valve agreement, with only 5% of EHCPs being granted within the 20-week timeframe; the average in England is 49%.
Families in my constituency face huge challenges in ensuring that their children’s education is not disrupted or negatively impacted.
How do the Government plan to address these unacceptable delays?
The hon.
Member is right to identify those challenges.
In its analysis, published today, the National Audit Office said that the current system was not working and not serving the needs of children and their families in the way that it should.
We are moving at pace to review the system in a wholesale way, and the changes that I have outlined will support that.
In addition, we will legislate to ensure that local authorities can plan properly for places and admissions in their areas.
We want every state school, regardless of how they were established, to co-operate in ensuring that places are there for the children who need them.
I have outlined a whole range of changes that will seek to address the problem that he mentioned.
I am in no doubt that the Labour Government have a terrible inheritance on SEND provision, but children in my constituency of Easington who rely on services provided by the Tees, Esk and Wear Valleys NHS Foundation Trust face unreasonably long waiting times.
Incredibly, they have to wait up to five years for assessments for autism, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and other related conditions.
What steps is the Minister taking to reduce those unacceptably long waiting lists, and support both children and their families during these lengthy waits for assessments?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I reiterate that the Government have inherited a terrible legacy, not only on special educational needs and disabilities, but on our public spending and the state of our public services overall.
The example he raises is good, as it highlights the importance of working  across Government to resolve issues and help the families who need support.
Whether that is done through the education system, which my Department is responsible for, or through the health service, we need to work collaboratively across Government to address the huge backlogs that far too many people face in getting the support that they need.
I can assure him that that is a priority for us.
In the past two weeks, I have met two families whose children are suicidal, one of whom is nine years old.