Uttoxeter is a beautiful and proud town with a rich history of agriculture and manufacturing, and is home to Uttoxeter racecourse.
In the short time I have been Uttoxeter’s MP, I have heard several quite strange pronunciations of the town’s name from hon.
Members.
Local people, however, fondly refer to the town as at “Utch” or “Utcheter”—I apologise to the Hansard reporters for the difficulty I have just caused.
In Rocester we find the iconic yellow diggers of JCB, which is headquartered and has several factories in my constituency.
I am proud of the ingenuity and innovation that we have locally, and I will continue to stand up for British manufacturing during my time in this House.
As this Government put service back at the heart of public life, there are so many of my constituents who go out of their way to help others, volunteering in food banks and youth clubs and running community activities.
I have been humbled to visit some of these groups, from the BAC O’Connor Centre to the Sexual Abuse Rape Advice Centre, Burton YMCA, Burton HOPE, Uttoxeter Heath Community Centre and The Community Church, and I look forward to visiting many more during my time in this House.
Before being elected I was a communication officer for Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue service, and I take this opportunity to pay tribute to all my former colleagues and to this country’s firefighters, control and support staff for the dedicated work they do to keep us safe.
I look forward to continuing my association with the Fire Service in Parliament.
Upon taking up my role in this House, I sadly left my role as a Unison workplace trade union rep, but it was with great pride that on Monday I voted for the Employment Rights Bill, which is just one part of Labour’s new deal for working people.
I believe that that Bill, like the National Minimum Wage Act 1998, will be one of the landmark pieces of legislation by a  Labour Government.
It will transform the lives of workers across the country, strengthening their rights, ensuring fair treatment and restoring balance in a system that has too often been skewed against working people.
As a proud trade unionist, I will continue the fight for working people in this House, ensuring that their voices are heard and securing the rights they deserved.
I thank my constituents for the honour they have given me of serving them.
Every day that I am in this House, I will work to serve them to the very best of my ability.
The Minister for the Cabinet Office was asked—
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to increase the Government’s ability to respond to companies in distress.
The Government take very seriously our role to ensure the resilience of Government suppliers.
The Cabinet Office takes an active role in monitoring the Government’s strategic suppliers and putting in place contingency plans where there is risk of distress.
More broadly, the Cabinet Office works alongside other Departments, from the Department for Business and Trade and the Insolvency Service to the Treasury.
We are supported by UK Government Investments, which is the Government’s centre of excellence in corporate finance, with experience of corporate finance, restructuring and insolvency in the private sector.
Any taxpayer support must be used wisely, balancing the need to ensure value for money and support jobs and the economy.
Following the collapse of five companies of the SK:N group, a large employer in Nuneaton, the health services that the companies offered have been impacted.
Will the Minister please explain what steps the Government are taking to ensure that Departments have contingency plans to sustain the work of those companies to private healthcare patients?
I hope that my hon.