Sadly, today’s report confirms what many parents in my constituency of Leeds South West and Morley have been telling me since long before the election: the SEND system in this country is failing.
As a secondary school maths teacher, I know all too well that SEND provision is not up to scratch.
I have seen at first hand that, after 14 years of negligence by the Conservative party, parents and children have lost hope of ever seeing an improvement in the system, following the SEND crisis.
Does the Minister agree that although there is no silver bullet, we must improve the SEND system and give people hope that it will improve?
Order.
This urgent question will run until about 11.30 am, so if I am to get everyone in, we will have to speed up the questions and answers.
I want to take as many questions as possible, as this is a very important subject to all of us.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
It is understandable that a huge number of hon.
Members want to ask questions on this subject.
We have inherited an appalling legacy of failure on this front.
We have prioritised the issue and we are determined to fix it, but that will take time, as hon.
Members have recognised, but we are moving at pace to fix the broken system.
Parents and teachers in North Herefordshire tell me how concerned they are that special educational needs funding has stagnated for the last 10 years, while needs have increased.
I visited Westfield school in my constituency, which is in desperate need of capital investment.
It was allocated funding under the school rebuilding programme, but the implementation of that programme has been very slow.
Can the Minister assure me that she remains committed to the programme, that it is on track, and that she will amend the way that the funding system works to incentivise mainstream inclusion?
On the hon.
Lady’s final question, I can assure her that we are determined to prioritise mainstream inclusion, and to ensure that schools are supported.
We will have the framework in place to encourage, incentivise and support schools to do what we know will create the best outcomes for the vast majority of children in this country: inclusion in a mainstream system where they can thrive.
Given today’s report, and the shocking and devastating impact that the reality has on children, young people and their families, what message does the Minister have for the children and young people with SEND and their families in Portsmouth North?
We recognise how challenging this situation is for families who are not getting the support they need for special education needs or disabilities.
We know that the system is broken—the National Audit Office report lays it out bare.
We are determined to fix this; that is the message that I want to send.
Within five months of entering office, this Government will introduce VAT on independent schools, with all the impact that may have on the state sector.
How long will we have to wait for an actual plan for SEND children, rather than just political posturing around VAT?
The changes that we have set out and are determined to make all aim to improve the situation that we have inherited, after 14 years of neglect and decline under the previous Government.
I have set out at length all the changes that we seek to make through legislation—and the changes we have already made—to our education system to ensure an inclusive mainstream, and high and rising standards and opportunities for all.
Today’s report is damning but not surprising.
It is an indictment of the former Government and their 14 years of failure.
Even today, they shamelessly deflect and gaslight the very families whom they have failed.
Independent SEND provision is growing in Southampton Itchen and across the country.