I also work closely with the Health Ministers of the devolved Administrations, including Northern Ireland.
Can the Minister confirm that the procurement reforms will consider social value and local impact in contracts of Government and partners, such as the Crown Estate and Great British Energy, in important areas where there are World Trade Organisation non-competition exemptions, for example floating offshore wind contracts in the Celtic sea?
They can provide a critical boost to the economies of places such as Cornwall.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
I can absolutely confirm that we will do everything we can to ensure the new national policy procurement statement drives social value around communities in the UK, in line with our trade obligations.
I welcome yesterday’s publication of the child poverty taskforce framework.
Is the Minister able to say more about the delivery of the strategy, other than that it will come out in spring?
This shows the importance of the issue to the Government.
The last time we were in office we reduced child poverty; it is an issue dear to our hearts.
That is why the strategy is coming forward and why Ministers are working hard on it.
We have been clear since we took office that while we want economic growth throughout the country, we also want the benefits to be felt by people in every part of the country and in every income group.
I am proud to be part of a mission-led Government, but mission-led government is not just about missions; it is about how the Government do that.
Does the Minister agree that it should be data-driven?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Here, in the spirit of the exchanges this week, I want to pay tribute to something the previous Government did, which was to improve the data operation at the heart of government.
That does help when the Government are forming policy.
We want to build on that and use data.
It is important that we modernise how government works.
The accurate use of data can help us to make better policy and that is what we want to do.
Almost 29,000 families in Scotland benefited from maternity   pay last year, worth over £200 million.
Does the Minister share my concern about suggestions from a Conservative party leadership candidate that it should be reduced?
I very much share my hon.
Friend’s concern.
In fact, the only economic policy we have had so far from the Conservative leadership contest has been the suggestion that we reduce maternity pay.
That will do nothing for families, nothing for mothers and children, and nothing for the good operation of our economy.
I hope they think twice about that suggestion.
Ahead of any Budget, there is always talk about tough decisions.
Could the Minister remind us why we are in this difficult position in the first place, and will he please update us on progress on clawing back covid fraud, where we saw taxpayers’ money being handed over to former Ministers’ mates?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We knew we would inherit a difficult position, but it was much more difficult than we thought when we came into office.
Anybody who objects to difficult decisions announced in the Budget next week should know where the responsibility for those lie: squarely on the shoulders of the Conservative party.
It falls to us to clean up the mess we have inherited from the Conservatives.
That you will hear more about when the Chancellor gets to her feet next week.
Over the last few years we have seen an increase in attacks by foreign Governments on UK cyber-security.
Will the Minister please update us on what steps his Department is taking to ensure our public services across the UK are fully protected?
This is vital work for the Government.