There have been several high-profile and complex challenges in doing that, be it dealing with the emergence of criminal gangs or complicated legal proceedings.
So may we have a statement to set out the progress the Government have made on this issue since we left the EU?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
He will know that progress is being made on this matter: boat crossings are down by 33%; the legacy backlog is down by 42%; asylum decision processing has increased by 250%; returns are up by 29%; and immigrants are 43% less likely to be in receipt of any form of state benefits.
Since we left the EU, we have been working to change our systems.
In December 2020, we ended free movement—that was opposed by the Labour party—and changed access to benefits.
In April last year, we passed the Nationality and Borders Act 2022 to deter entry into the UK and to help us to remove people who have no right to be here.
In December last year, we signed the deal with Albania, reducing the number of people coming here by 90%.
In May, we  introduced measures to reduce the rise in the number of students bringing dependants and to stop students switching out of the student route.
In July, the Illegal Migration Act 2023 became law, although, again, it was opposed by the Labour party—70 times.
Again that legislation is helping us to remove people who should not be here and to speed up removals.
In October, we opened a consultation on capping the numbers that we would take from safe and legal routes.
More legislation will come to the Floor of this House imminently, particularly to enable the Rwanda plan to be put into full effect—no doubt, it will be opposed by the Labour party.
Now that we have greater control, we should use those controls.
The Government Chief Whip is a Minister but, by convention, does not make statements from the Dispatch Box.
So will the Leader of the House please give confirmation on accusations made by the GB News presenter who also has a side hustle as the hon.
Member for Ashfield about being effectively offered a bribe in his role as a Member of Parliament?
I know this was reported to the Government Chief Whip, but have they reported that allegation to the police for proper investigation?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that point; this is a serious matter.
I am not aware of the situation that he refers to, but if these matters were being investigated by the police, it would probably not be wise to comment on them on the Floor of the House.
Before I ask my question, Mr Deputy Speaker, let me declare an interest, as a Cornish fishwife.
The Cornish inshore fleets, particularly the under-10 metre fleet, are alarmed at proposals for a potential ban on the landing of pollock in the next round of negotiations for fisheries quota.
The Cornish Fish Producers Organisation and the Cornish fishermen I know tell me that pollock is the staple for much of the inshore fleet, parts of which rely on it entirely.
Sadly, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has so far not listened to the suggested compromises that have been tabled, which include keeping the fishery open for just line-caught pollock.
Therefore, on behalf of all six Cornish MPs, including myself, may I ask for a debate in Government time on the potential impact that this ban is likely to have on the already precarious livelihoods of our Cornish fishermen?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important point on a subject close to her heart.
She will know that since we left the EU there have been good opportunities for our fishing communities.
In one instance, a fishing port not far away from her has seen its annual sales go from £40 million to £70 million.