I know the House will want to scrutinise such measures in detail.
My constituent, Mr Jones, had his car written off by a third-party insurer in December 2022.
Due to an insurance loophole, Mr Jones has been forced to settle the car hire costs because his insurer, Admiral, booked the car hire in his name and not through Admiral.
Nine months on, Admiral is still refusing to cover the costs and the third-party insurer says it has no liability, so Mr Jones is left thousands of pounds out of pocket because Admiral did not do its job properly.
Will the Leader of the House ask Ministers in the Department for Transport or the Department for Business and Trade to try to rectify this loophole, so that nobody else is left short-changed by insurance companies that simply dodge the rules?
I am very sorry to hear about that case.
I will raise it with the relevant Departments but, again, I hope the public affairs team at Admiral has heard his question.
This is a competitive market, and we have legislated to improve competition on such matters.
If it has not already, I hope the public affairs team will be in touch with the hon.
Gentleman to discuss what recompense could be made.
The record 1,455 police officers in Bedfordshire are extremely welcome.
Can the Home Office reassure the chief constable of Bedfordshire that apprehending illegal and dangerous motorcyclists who terrorise communities is what the Government and, indeed, the people of Bedfordshire want him to do?
One young man has already lost his life  and another has suffered life-changing injuries as a result of this behaviour.
Roads and footpaths need to be kept safe for adults and children.
I thank my hon.
Friend for all he is doing in the wake of these tragic incidents.
I will make sure the Home Secretary has heard his concerns about the action that his local police may or may not be taking.
This kind of antisocial behaviour causes misery for many people, which is why, through our antisocial behaviour action plan, we have committed £160 million to help local authorities make high streets, footpaths and so on much safer for their communities.
The police have powers to deal with these situations, and we expect them to be used.
This weekend marks small business Saturday, and I look forward to visiting our wonderful Christmas market in Bath, which brings in £50 million for the local area.
Anyone who has not been to Bath at Christmas should please come.
It is absolutely magical.
I am pleased that footfall in Bath is above pre-pandemic levels.
However, many UK businesses are struggling to recover.
This year has seen the most company insolvencies since 2009, and the autumn statement offered no energy support for businesses.
Can we have a ministerial statement on what the Government will do to stop businesses closing this winter?
I thank the hon.
Lady for the advert for small business Saturday; I am sure that all Members of this House will be involved in it, celebrating the incredible entrepreneurial organisations and individuals in their constituencies.
A number of measures were set out in the autumn statement to help our high streets and, in particular, the hospitality, retail and leisure sectors.
We recognise that they are the backbone of this economy and they are often the focal point for many other services and social interactions in our communities.
They should be treasured and I hope that everyone does that this Saturday.
One reason why the good people of Gedling voted to leave the European Union was to take back control of our borders.
There have been several high-profile and complex challenges in doing that, be it dealing with the emergence of criminal gangs or complicated legal proceedings.
So may we have a statement to set out the progress the Government have made on this issue since we left the EU?
I thank my hon.