Friend or her constituent before 3 o’clock, when I put my letters in the postbox.
I hope that she will keep me posted on progress.
Reading gaol has been empty for 10 years now, and there has been a strong local campaign to turn the historic prison into an arts and heritage hub.
The campaign is supported by me and  the right hon.
Member for Reading West (Sir Alok Sharma) , by our local council and by many others.
The Ministry of Justice promised us an update this autumn on this important project, but sadly, none has yet been forthcoming.
Will the Leader of the House raise the matter with the Justice Secretary?
I fully understand why the local community wants that heritage building to be brought into use, and it has an arts connection through some of its former inmates.
Given that the next MOJ questions is in the new year, I shall certainly raise it with the Lord Chancellor and his team, and ask them to update the hon.
Gentleman.
I recently visited the Falkland Islands, at the invitation of the Falkland Islands Government.
A subject that arose while we were there is the complete lack of broadband and internet connectivity.
I was unable to receive or reply to emails, or look at anything on the web.
This is holding back individuals and, in particular, business opportunities in the Falklands.
Will the Government arrange a debate to explore how we can improve broadband and internet connectivity in overseas territories?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point, and many Members who have visited the Falkland Islands will fully understand what she means.
In addition to stifling economic opportunities, it is a particular problem for the spouses of our serving personnel out there, whose ability to remain economically active is very limited by this situation.
I shall certainly make sure that all the relevant Departments hear what she has said, and we will see what they can do to rectify the situation.
The welfare of animals is hugely important to many of my constituents, and they were pleased to see the announcement of the Animal Welfare (Livestock Exports) Bill in the King’s  Speech, although they would have liked it to go further and cover issues such as puppy smuggling.
When can we expect the Bill to be presented to the House and its Second Reading?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman’s approval of that Bill.
He will know that we are still committed to the other measures that were in our manifesto.
We will just be doing them in other ways, such as fulfilling our commitment on primates through secondary legislation.
He will not be surprised to hear me say that further business will be announced in the usual way, but it is good to know that he will be supporting the Government on these measures.
When can we have a debate on the World Health Organisation’s pandemic preparedness treaty and the associated international health regulations?
Does the Leader of the House realise that there is a lot of concern across the country that this treaty will result in a loss of personal liberty and a real challenge to our sovereignty as a Parliament?
I shall certainly make sure that the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care has heard my hon.
Friend’s concerns on this matter.
I know that many Members have an interest in pandemics, which do not respect borders.
International co-operation is needed, but there will be concerns about how the World Health Organisation has responded to particular situations.
I know the House will want to scrutinise such measures in detail.
My constituent, Mr Jones, had his car written off by a third-party insurer in December 2022.
Due to an insurance loophole, Mr Jones has been forced to settle the car hire costs because his insurer, Admiral, booked the car hire in his name and not through Admiral.