Lady raises the issue of the Foreign Secretary being answerable to this House.
She will know that a senior Foreign Office Minister is available to lead on matters, and on very serious issues the Prime Minister would speak from this Dispatch Box.
The Foreign Secretary has been forward-leaning and suggested a number of things that he thinks would be highly appropriate  for how he could be held to account in this place and directly by Members of this House.
No decisions have been taken yet, because we are waiting to hear from the Procedure Committee.
It is right that matters for this House are dealt with by the Committees of this House.
The Foreign Secretary has been forward-leaning.
I know that many Members have been concerned in particular about liaison with Members of this House who have hostage families living in their constituencies, whether they are British nationals or have a connection to Britain.
The Foreign Secretary is meeting and has offered to meet all such families, and he is in touch with hon.
Members who are in that situation.
When the Procedure Committee brings forward measures—it is always sensible in its deliberations—I am sure those measures will be put in place.
The hon.
Lady criticises us for not allowing scrutiny of legislation.
Her point might have had more traction if in yesterday’s sitting we had not finished an hour early.
Part of the reason for that was that only one Opposition Back Bencher spoke in the debate.
I think we were having votes when Report should have been concluded.
The hon.
Lady talks about the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill.
She will know that Bills can be amended during their passage through the House, and we have committed to including a ban on new leasehold houses during the Bill’s passage, despite what has been reported.
That commitment has not changed.
The hon.
Lady talks about migration and emergency legislation, and I will put that in context.
It is slightly ironic that Labour is eagerly awaiting further legislation from us on these matters when Labour Members have opposed all the new powers that we have brought in to protect our border.
They fought against us in ending free movement and deporting foreign criminals, they would wish to take an extra 110,000 people every year from Europe, and Labour in Wales is giving asylum seekers £1,600 a month.
The legislation will be brought forward shortly, but I am not holding my breath on the Opposition supporting it.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.
I call the Father of the House.
I welcome the news that the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill, which will bring in modern housing terms, will have its Second Reading in a week or so.
Through my right hon.
Friend, may I say to the Government that even if we have to add things to the Bill as it goes along, that is better than having to wait another year for this overdue opportunity to reform effectively the scandalous abuses within leasehold, which are loaded so much against 6 million home occupiers—the tenants of leasehold homes?
I draw my right hon.
Friend’s attention to the named day question I tabled for the Foreign Office about the acid attack on Shahzad Akbar on Sunday in England.
If Ministers think it is appropriate to make an oral statement, will she please encourage them to do so?
It is just as shocking to have a Commonwealth country suspected of an acid attack on one of its nationals—a human rights lawyer—in this country as it was to have the Russian attack in Salisbury and the alleged Indian attack in Canada.
May I ask my right hon.