If she is, we would love to know as soon as possible so that we can allocate debates and let Members know.
I am glad to say that the Committee was re-established this week and is up and running, but we already have a backlog of debates, with 13 on our waiting list.
It is good that we have plenty of business to come.
The Go North East bus industrial action continues, with very few buses running for weeks and, on many routes, not at all.
That is having a huge detrimental impact on our local economy and jobs, and on the learning of students who cannot get to their local further education colleges such as Gateshead College in my constituency.
Students who struggled to make up the learning lost during covid are being hit again, since they are unable to attend at all without incurring massive additional expense.
Can we have a debate in Government time about introducing a compensation scheme from public transport providers that are singularly failing in their service delivery obligations?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his advert for forthcoming debates.
It is good to know that the Backbench Business Committee is busy.
I will certainly let him know as soon as possible about the week of  18 December .
He will know that we always try to give as much notice as possible.
I am very sorry to hear about his ongoing constituency issue.
That is why we believe minimum service standards in vital sectors—transport is one of them—are so important.
I will make sure that the Transport Secretary has heard about that ongoing situation.
It is very well understood that students from lower socioeconomic groups will be disproportionately affected by such action.
May we have a debate on decisions by probation and prison services to release on licence?
Last Friday, my constituent Levi Kent was stabbed to death.
The man charged with his murder was sentenced to two years in prison for wounding with intent just in January this year and was released on licence in September.
Will my right hon.
Friend back my calls for a serious case review into  the licensing decision and monitoring, which may have freed someone who should be in prison to murder?
I am sure I speak for the whole House when I say how appalled we are to hear of that situation.
Our thoughts are with my hon.
Friend’s constituents and all those affected by this appalling tragedy.
The Lord Chancellor is aware of this case.
I am sure it will need to be subject to a review into what happened in this instance, but I know the Lord Chancellor’s door is always open to her and I think he may have already contacted her.
I thank her for all she is doing in her constituency in the aftermath of this appalling event.
Cases of rickets in children, which is associated with malnutrition, have risen by over 700% in the last two years.
My Healthy Start Scheme (Take-Up) (No.
2) Bill would  have prevented over 157,000 babies, children and pregnant mothers from missing out on essential food and vitamins, but the Government rejected it.
Can we please have an urgent debate on why the Government have dragged our children into Victorian levels of poverty?
The hon.
Lady will know that there are over 500,000 fewer children living in absolute poverty under this Administration, and that the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for South Northamptonshire (Dame Andrea Leadsom)  has been doing incredible work, bringing together Government Departments to focus on the early years and to create much more effective pathways at a local level for children who are particularly vulnerable.
Will my right hon.
Friend consider a debate in Government time on the effectiveness of the process of calling in?