It is not just foreign policy decisions that Members are keen to ask Lord Cameron about.
Questions about his dealings with Greensill Capital continue to rumble on.
Thanks to diligent work by my deputy, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Blaenau Gwent (Nick Smith) , the Insolvency Service has been asked whether Lord Cameron could be considered a “shadow director” of Greensill.
If that is the case, he could be subject to the same duties and liabilities as a director.
His tax affairs from the time are now under scrutiny for failing to provide details of his personal use of planes owned by Greensill Capital.
My hon.
Friend has written to the Chair of the Treasury Committee to ask her to consider whether Lord Cameron’s failure to declare that information to the Committee is potentially in contempt of the House.
Will the Leader of the House encourage the Chair of the Committee to investigate that?
Will she also ensure that Lord Cameron does not wriggle out of frequent appearances in front of the Foreign Affairs Committee?
It is not just his lordship who is dodging scrutiny, because that is the Government’s tried and tested tactic on every front.
Day by day, they are eroding the conventions of this place with their cavalier approach to scrutiny and good government.
On Monday, Members debated minimum service level regulations for rail without the opinion of the Government’s own independent assessors, because they did not give them enough time to look at them.
Yesterday we had Report stage of the Data Protection and Digital Information Bill, and the Government tabled 240 new amendments, some really substantial, at the last minute.
It is outrageous.
Even the former Leader of the House,  the right hon.
Member for North East Somerset (Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg) —not someone I often agree with—thinks that the Government take a dictatorial approach to new legislation.
It has also emerged that the Government’s Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill not only will not apply to new flats, but now will not even apply to the sale of new houses.
We have a flagship Bill to ban lease- holds that does not even ban leaseholds.
What a shambles.
This is child’s play and no way to run a Government.
Finally, this week saw some serious questions about what can only be described as the possible bribery of sitting Members.
The hon.
Member for Ashfield (Lee Anderson)  was recorded revealing that he had been offered a lot of money to join the Reform party.
The offer was five years of an MP’s salary as insurance for defecting.
These allegations are incredibly serious and tantamount to bribery from a rival political party, potentially in breach of electoral law.
It has subsequently emerged that the Government Chief Whip was made aware of these enticements being offered months ago and believed them to be serious and potentially criminal.
Have these matters now been passed to the police?
If so, when?
If not, why not?
Why has it taken a secret recording to bring these very serious matters, which go to the heart of our democracy, to the attention of this House?
First, may I wish everyone a happy St Andrew’s day?
I am sure I speak for the whole House when I say that our thoughts are still with the hostages who are still in Gaza and their families.
We hope that situation can be resolved quickly.
First, the hon.
Lady raises the issue of the Foreign Secretary being answerable to this House.
She will know that a senior Foreign Office Minister is available to lead on matters, and on very serious issues the Prime Minister would speak from this Dispatch Box.
The Foreign Secretary has been forward-leaning and suggested a number of things that he thinks would be highly appropriate  for how he could be held to account in this place and directly by Members of this House.