I do not believe that is something that I am able to do or should do.
I can tell the hon.
and learned Lady that last year we granted 114 standard individual export licences for military goods valued at  £42 million to Israel.
If there is a specific issue that she would like to highlight, we are prepared to look at it, but she will know that security and defence exports are not necessarily best discussed on the Floor of the House or in public, for obvious reasons.
A state that supplies military equipment that is used in the commission of violations of international humanitarian law is at risk of complicity in a humanitarian catastrophe.
In continuing with those licences and supplying UK arms to Israel, what assessment does the Secretary of State make of the potential for UK Government complicity, if Israel is found to have committed war crimes in Gaza by the ongoing International Criminal Court investigation?
I am quite surprised that there is not a word of condemnation, and the implication that the UK is complicit is really not the sort of thing we would expect from a British Member of Parliament in this House.
I completely disagree with the premise of the hon.
Gentleman’s question.
The Government take our defence export responsibilities extremely seriously and operate some of the most robust and transparent export controls in the world.
What recent progress she has made on negotiating a trade deal with India.
I am pleased to confirm that advanced talks with India are ongoing.
We are in round 13, with discussions currently focused on goods, market access, services and investment.
We remain clear that we will not sign until we have a free trade agreement that fully benefits the UK people and economy.
We are focused on the deal, not the date.
Total trade in goods and services between the UK and India was £36.3 billion in the year to March 2023.
An FTA with the fifth-largest economy in the world, and one of the fastest-growing, would be a massive boost to the UK economy and put UK businesses at the front of the queue to supply India’s growing middle class, which is expected to be a quarter of a billion consumers by 2050.
This is an important exploitation of Brexit, so will the Minister do all he can to bring this deal over the line as soon as possible for Britain?
My right hon.
Friend of course has a lot of experience in complex negotiations and I can say that we, like him, will not be satisfied until we have the right deal.
He is right that a deal with India would be a big step forward in the UK’s post-Brexit strategy to refocus UK trade on the Indo-Pacific region, which represents one third of global GDP.
My negotiators and I continue to work at pace and we will negotiate until we have secured the right deal.
I warmly welcome his interest in doing more trade with India.
What steps she is taking to help support the steel industry.
The Government recognise the vital role of the steel sector, and are working with the sector to achieve a sustainable future.
We have announced £500 million of support towards a joint £1.25 billion investment with Tata Steel to achieve the transformation of Port Talbot, and we are also in talks with British Steel.
We have provided the steel sector with £730 million in energy costs relief since 2013, and announced the British industry supercharger—decisive measures to reduce energy costs for energy-intensive industries.
In communities across the country—particularly in Wales through Port Talbot—steel has created high-paying, productive jobs for generations, but we are the only G7 country with a steel industry in decline.
Thousands of jobs are being lost.