Friend  the Member for Tewkesbury (Mr Robertson) : the onus is on all of us in this House to continue to extol the virtues and the benefits of the UK’s developing countries trade scheme.
We have taken the EU scheme and gone significantly further, making it more generous for developing countries.
We should all be united in extolling the virtues of the UK’s scheme, and of the brilliant job the UK is doing to promote goods access to developing countries.
Could I revisit my earlier question to the Secretary of State about arms export licences to Israel?
I and many others do not agree with her secrecy approach, and I and many others believe that Members of Parliament are entitled to this information, so I will try another approach.
Could she detail the classification and description of the goods, the stated end use and the licence type,  including direct transfers and those via third countries, and could she place that information in the Library for Members of Parliament?
I believe there is a quarterly register that may contain some of the information the hon.
and learned Member is asking for, but I am not able or going to list every single export decision that has been made by the export control joint unit.
I will see what I can do to get her a fuller answer, but she will know that this is a very sensitive issue.
I have a quasi-judicial role, and I must be seen to be impartial at all times.
I will do what I can to provide the information she wants, but I do not have a list to provide her with this morning, and certainly not on the Floor of the House.
On Scunthorpe, what major economy does not have a blast furnace and the ability to make virgin steel?
Almost all the G20 countries have operational blast furnaces, and a number of those are transitioning to electric arc furnaces as well.
We know the importance of Scunthorpe, which is a key driver of economic growth.
British Steel provides a third of all domestic production supplied to the construction and rail industries.
We continue to be in negotiations to make sure that we secure the best deal, and one that is good value for taxpayers, when it comes to Scunthorpe.
On Tuesday, we finally had answers from Lisa Wilkinson about the mistakes that led to the collapse of that much-loved firm, but Ms Wilkinson was not able to answer why 70% of the profits in the last four years were paid out in dividends to family trusts while the deficit in the pension fund amounted to now £50 million.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that regulators explore every option to claw back those dividends so that Wilko pensioners are not short-changed?
The right hon.
Member raises a very important point.
He has looked at this matter very carefully, including on the Business and Trade Committee, and I thank him for his work.
I was pleased to give evidence to his Committee on Tuesday.
Clearly, the Insolvency Service is looking at this.
It is looking at the directors’ conduct report from PricewaterhouseCoopers, the administrator, which it needs to look at very carefully.
It is clear from that report so far that there is no evidence of director misconduct, but further work is ongoing.
The Insolvency Service is due to meet the administrator, PwC, in January, and we will look at the situation as it unfolds.
One of the most effective ways we could strengthen both the public sector and the private sector is the creation of an office of the whistleblower, as long championed by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cheadle (Mary Robinson) .
That would strengthen corporate governance, empower those who see wrongdoing to come forward and protect them from intimidation, and strengthen the UK as a place to do business.