UK cheese is in increasing demand in Canada, and exports of UK cheese benefit businesses on both sides of the Atlantic.
The UK has made continued and repeated efforts to find a solution since negotiations began, including by seeking an extension to the current arrangements, and we are clear that the UK is rightly entitled to ongoing access to Canada’s World Trade Organisation cheese tariff quota under our rights and obligations at the WTO.
As the Prime Minister’s trade envoy to Brazil, I know that the best way of supporting exports from my Dudley businesses is to remove barriers to trade.
That is why I was absolutely delighted when both our countries signed a double taxation agreement, in good faith and to the highest possible standards.
There appear to be complications in Brazil at the moment with ratifying that agreement through Congress, as we have ratified it through our Parliament.
What more can Ministers—the Chancellor of the Exchequer, perhaps—do to try to persuade Brazil that it is indeed a very good deal for itself as well?
First, I praise my hon.
Friend for the amazing job he does as the Prime Minister’s trade envoy to Brazil.
Partly due to his efforts, UK-Brazil trade has increased by 33% in the past year alone, so we are doing  a very good job there.
The UK-Brazil double taxation agreement was passed into UK law in June, and is estimated to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds to the UK.
I hope that Brazil ratifies the agreement soon: it is very much in its own interests as well.
As my hon.
Friend knows, the Chancellor has made very strong representations to that effect, and we look forward to strengthening our trade relationship at the next UK-Brazil joint economic and trade committee next year.
Under current laws, unions are required to use electronic means to communicate with their members about matters relating to work, yet are prevented from using the very same electronic methods when balloting their members for industrial action.
Does the Minister accept that it should be possible to ballot trade union members on industrial action electronically?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
That is something we are looking at; we have been looking at it for some time, and are keen to bring forward the results of our deliberations very shortly.
May I ask the Trade Minister, whom I welcome back to his position, what efforts the Government are making to raise awareness of the developing countries trading scheme, particularly among African countries?
What encouragement is he giving those countries to take advantage of that scheme, which would benefit them and us?
Again, we have almost a full turnout of the Prime Minister’s trade envoys in the House this morning, and I commend my hon.
Friend for the work he does as the Prime Minister’s trade envoy not just to one country, but to three—Angola, Zambia and Ethiopia.
He rightly takes a strong interest in the UK’s forward-leaning and exemplary developing countries trading scheme.
The scheme was launched on  19 June  by my predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Worcestershire (Nigel Huddleston) , who is now the Financial Secretary to the Treasury, and provides duty-free or nearly duty-free access to goods to 37 African countries.
The scheme was launched to significant media attention in Ethiopia, and there was a series of events in more than 10 countries.
I agree with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Tewkesbury (Mr Robertson) : the onus is on all of us in this House to continue to extol the virtues and the benefits of the UK’s developing countries trade scheme.
We have taken the EU scheme and gone significantly further, making it more generous for developing countries.
We should all be united in extolling the virtues of the UK’s scheme, and of the brilliant job the UK is doing to promote goods access to developing countries.