If Ministers think it is appropriate to make an oral statement, will she please encourage them to do so?
It is just as shocking to have a Commonwealth country suspected of an acid attack on one of its nationals—a human rights lawyer—in this country as it was to have the Russian attack in Salisbury and the alleged Indian attack in Canada.
May I ask my right hon.
Friend to draw to the Home Secretary’s attention the letter he will have received today from the human rights lawyer Clive Stafford Smith, asking whether the police force in the relevant area was right to assess the risk to this man as low when in fact it was high, and whether is it true that the local police had switched off the automatic number plate recognition system for some reason, when that might have helped to detect the culprits of this terrible acid attack?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his warm welcome for the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill.
I will certainly ensure that the Home Secretary is aware of his concerns with regard to that police force.
He will know that the next Foreign Office questions are on  12 December , but I will certainly ensure that both the Foreign Secretary and his lead Minister in the Commons are aware of his concerns about that terrible attack.
I am sure that the hearts of all of us in the House go out to those innocents who have suffered in Gaza and Israel, and who continue to suffer.
I, too, wish the House a very happy St Andrew’s day —to you, Mr Deputy Speaker, and to us all.
On this special day, I have first a word of thanks.
The Leader of the House has described me in this Chamber and on social media as “sanctimonious”, “delusional”, “treacherous” and “slopey-shouldered”.
I cannot say how much that language from a Tory is a badge of honour for me in Scotland, so I am grateful.
Even more, her comments last week about Scotland’s drug policies were literally front-page news.
The Daily Record described them as “an odd rant” —one of the more positive responses.
One correspondent asked:
“Why does Penny hate Scotland so much—was she scared by the bagpipes as a child?”
We certainly look forward to her reply to that.
I am afraid that that answer from the Leader of the House illustrated comprehensively the attitudes and contempt on the Government side of the House for the people of Scotland.
Maybe she needs to refresh her Government’s growing army of scriptwriters in Edinburgh —paid for, of course, by taxpayers’ money.
No more fat- free, out-of-date Trumpian rants, please.
The Leader of the House has claimed that she takes an interest in the welfare of Scotland’s children, so obviously she will have seen the remarkable new assessment of the Scottish child payment posted on the London School of Economics website by a number of academics expert in social policy and economics.
It says that the Scottish Government’s payments are
“predicted to have a monumental impact on reducing child poverty rates”,
and that they will
“transform Scotland from being one of the most unequal places to live in Europe to being one of the most equal.”
I feel that this House should be given an opportunity to debate it, as child poverty in England rockets.
Given her stated interest, will she please confirm that she has read that assessment?
If not, would she like me to send her a copy?
Or maybe it is really all about clickbait and social media reach, and she does not care at all.
Let me add some more adjectives to what the hon.
Lady described.
The SNP really has surpassed itself this week in being self-obsessed, self-pitying and self-delusional.