This is the seventh such agreement that the Government have signed with a state in the US, and I understand that there are ongoing discussions with other states.
Obviously, that is welcome.
Will the Secretary of State give us an assessment of the effect of this approach, and tell us what the next steps are to getting a more general trade agreement with the United States?
We are ready to have a free trade agreement with the US, but it is not undertaking free trade agreements with any country.
That is, of course, disappointing, but it knows that we stand ready.
That is why we have the state MOU programme.
The latest figures show that UK-US trade has reached £310 billion.
We are the biggest investor in Florida.
I was pleased to meet Governor DeSantis earlier this month, and I also met the California Governor, Gavin Newsom, who wanted to be even faster in signing an MOU with the UK.
They believe that this country has a lot of opportunity, and they want to do business with us.
Import tariffs on egg products allow us to recognise the higher cost of UK egg production because of safety, welfare and environmental considerations.
Can the Secretary of State give an assurance that eggs and egg products will be afforded sensitive product status by the UK in future free trade agreement negotiations, and that import tariffs will remain in place on those products?
It is difficult to comment on tariffs in live negotiations, but I would say two things to the hon.
Gentleman: first, this country imports very few eggs from abroad, and secondly, anything that happens  with imported eggs would not change our standards on food imports, food safety and animal welfare in this country.
In yesterday’s data Bill debate, Ministers gave clear and positive replies about the importance of interoperable data standards, and the need for an investable timetable of which sectors will get smart data and when.
However, they were much less clear—one might even call it bashful—about giving a date for when that timetable will be published.
Is my hon.
Friend the Minister willing to be a little less coy this morning?
I am not known for my coyness.
My hon.
Friend has done very important work in this space, and we share his ambition: I chair the Smart Data Council, and we are planning to open up databases right across our economy to allow for more competition in the worlds of energy, telecoms, and buying and selling houses.
He has been a great champion of all those measures.
I am very keen to bring forward the roadmap that my hon.
Friend has referred to, hopefully as early as January next year.
At their busiest time of year, British cheese exporters are warning of damaging losses as the Government continue to fail to reach a deal that ensures access to the Canadian market.
Every day that the Government fail, companies such as the Snowdonia Cheese Company in north Wales lose contracts, and they cannot make plans with the looming deadline of 31 December a matter of weeks away.
Can the Minister update the House on the negotiations to extend the deadline for cheese tariff quotas between the UK and Canada?
We are aware of the situation, and are working on it—negotiations to resolve it are actively ongoing.
UK cheese is in increasing demand in Canada, and exports of UK cheese benefit businesses on both sides of the Atlantic.
The UK has made continued and repeated efforts to find a solution since negotiations began, including by seeking an extension to the current arrangements, and we are clear that the UK is rightly entitled to ongoing access to Canada’s World Trade Organisation cheese tariff quota under our rights and obligations at the WTO.
As the Prime Minister’s trade envoy to Brazil, I know that the best way of supporting exports from my Dudley businesses is to remove barriers to trade.