Friend  the Member for South Northamptonshire (Dame Andrea Leadsom)  has been doing incredible work, bringing together Government Departments to focus on the early years and to create much more effective pathways at a local level for children who are particularly vulnerable.
Will my right hon.
Friend consider a debate in Government time on the effectiveness of the process of calling in?
Although the mechanism technically exists to help in planning cases, such as the one I am dealing with in relation to proposals for two drive-through fast food outlets on a busy highways interchange near Risley in my constituency, I fear that in practice the process of calling in does not work as it should and needs urgent reform.
I thank my hon.
Friend for all she is doing to make sure that the views of her constituents are heard in such matters.
She will know that the next Levelling Up, Housing and Communities questions will be on  4 December .
I invite her to raise it directly with the Secretary of State.
I will also make sure that he has heard what she has said today.
I call Jim Shannon. [
Hon.
Members: “Ooh!”]
You caught me off guard there, Mr Deputy Speaker.
Thank you very much for bringing me in early.
In every one of our constituencies, across the whole of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, we have girlguiding groups, which we greatly support as they do wonderful work with girls of all ages.
It is therefore with much concern that I ask the Leader of the House, very kindly, whether we may have a debate in Government time on the Floor of the House on the proposed devastating decision by Girlguiding UK to sell off its UK activity centres and to stop direct delivery of girlguiding in British overseas territories and on UK military bases.
It will have a catastrophic impact, not just here but across the seas, on young women in the British family, which we all want to preserve and retain.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his early question this week.
I think that would be an excellent topic for a Backbench Business debate.
Many Members were agreeing with him as he outlined the issues.
I know that one of the problems is that the guiding community does not feel that it was properly consulted in advance of the decision being taken, and I know that many right hon.
and hon.
Members have written to the board to question it.
I think an airing on the Floor of the House or in Westminster Hall would be welcomed.
I know my right hon.
Friend is as shocked as I am by some of the working practices of SSE in providing power to commercial premises.
My constituent Philip Liddell of ACE Liftaway has paid £73,000 on deposit to SSE, but because of SSE’s delays with SSE’s solicitors, it has now asked him for an additional £50,000 to move an electricity substation on his commercial premises—an increase of 69%.
Mr Liddell did not cause the delay, but he has no choice but to pay up.
Will my right hon.
Friend find time for a debate in this Chamber to discuss SSE’s working practices and how it is holding people to ransom?
That is a shocking case.
As I would normally do, I shall write to the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, but I am sure that SSE’s diligent public affairs department is listening to business questions, is terribly shocked to hear about the situation, and will get in touch with my right hon.
Friend or her constituent before 3 o’clock, when I put my letters in the postbox.
I hope that she will keep me posted on progress.
Reading gaol has been empty for 10 years now, and there has been a strong local campaign to turn the historic prison into an arts and heritage hub.