The Government’s export strategy is clear.
We have a clear programme to assist small and medium-sized enterprises, particularly first-time exporters.
All of our services can be accessed via great.gov.uk, and we have a network of international trade advisers locally for Bedfordshire who are able to help as well.
What steps she is taking to help support businesses in Essex to export.
As a fellow Essex MP, I can assure my right hon.
Friend that this matter is close to my heart.
Businesses can access support through great.gov.uk, including our self-serve digital offer, the export support service, international trade advisers and UK Export Finance.
My Department is helping Essex companies such as Icon LifeSaver in Colchester to secure potential sales of over £10 million in the US, Colombia and Estonia.
Kestrel Liner Agencies, which is headquartered in my constituency and last year received its third Queen’s Award for international trade, has also benefited.
We are focused on priority trade barriers in particular, which could boost UK exports by around £20 billion over five years.
The Secretary of State will know inside out what the wonderful county of Essex has to offer when it comes to business exports.
We have companies such as Wilkin & Sons and Wicks Manor, and many other producers who will sell the produce that households across the country will enjoy this Christmas, at home and abroad.
Will the Secretary of State highlight how she is working across Government with other Departments to reduce the barriers to export that cover, for example, produce, manufacturing costs, energy costs, and even the processing of animals?
Removing barriers to trade is one of this Government’s top priorities.
My right hon.
Friend will know many of the things that the Government have been doing, including subsidising energy bills, because we recognise the difficulties that manufacturers and processing plants face.
At the moment I am particularly focused on resolving trade barriers.
We have resolved 178 trade barriers worth more than £6.5 billion to businesses, including those in Essex, over the next five years.
Food producers in her constituency specifically will be pleased to know that just last month, when I was in Japan for the G7, we resolved a barrier restricting exports of cooked poultry from the UK to Japan, which I think will provide a festive boost to UK exporters worth an estimated £10 million over five years.
Whether she has made an assessment of the potential merits of revoking arms export licences to Israel.
Whether she has made an assessment of the potential merits of revoking arms export licenses to Israel.
Since the barbaric terrorist acts by Hamas against Israel on  7 October  and the subsequent conflict in the region, the Government have been monitoring the situation very closely.
The UK supports Israel’s legitimate right to defend itself and take action against terrorism, provided that that is within the bounds of international humanitarian law.
Export licences are kept under careful and continual review as standard, and we are able to amend licences or refuse new licence applications if they are inconsistent with the strategic export licensing criteria.
No one is suggesting that Israel does not have the right to defend itself—but, as the Secretary of State says and we agree, within the bounds of international law.
The mass killing of civilians in Gaza should concern us all.
Without resorting to platitudes about the relative toughness of the UK’s arms export controls, could she please identify which arms export licences are currently in force, including open licences for end use by the Israeli defence and security forces, and provide details of them to the House?
I do not believe that is something that I am able to do or should do.
I can tell the hon.
and learned Lady that last year we granted 114 standard individual export licences for military goods valued at  £42 million to Israel.