Let me add some more adjectives to what the hon.
Lady described.
The SNP really has surpassed itself this week in being self-obsessed, self-pitying and self-delusional.
I have hit on why it is losing the case for independence: if Scotland were to take the leap, surely it would want its leaders to be the sort of people to step up, take responsibility and work hard to improve their opportunities, but despite the Scottish Government being one of the most powerful devolved Administrations in the world, they cannot accept responsibility for anything.
Given that the SNP has been in power for 16 years and in every single year its budget has been 20% higher than in England, who does the hon.
Lady think is responsible for Scotland’s declining A&E performance, increased waiting times, 70% hike in drug-related deaths and 10% increase in the attainment gap?
What about the 10 years that the Scottish Government have missed their cancer and housing targets, the rising crime, the soaring violence in schools, the lowest police numbers since 2008 or the 1,700 fewer teachers?
Who does she think is responsible for the fact that some police forces do not even investigate certain offences, and are warning that soon they will not be able to attend call-outs?
Who does the hon.
Lady think is responsible for plummeting international rankings in maths, literacy and science?
Who does she think has snaffled more than half the £1 billion in extra tax that Scottish residents have to pay, which never reaches public services?
She talks about Scottish schoolchildren, but who has chosen to pay so much less to Scottish schools per pupil than anywhere else in the UK?
The autumn statement has given the Scottish Government an additional £545 million.
We are about to hear their budget, and it is a pretty safe bet that it will not be spent wisely.
By all means, the hon.
Lady can send me what she likes, but there is a trend here.
Scottish SNP supporters will soon be outnumbered by the pandas in her local zoo.
I want to raise the brilliance of the Fromehall Mill team and to encourage everyone to look at the Stroud Times article and video as they try to raise share support to buy the mill.
It is a multi-business powerhouse with everything from bikes and bakeries to artificial intelligence and social action.
Will my right hon.
Friend tell the House when the next round of community ownership fund bids will be announced?
Can we have a debate in the House about smaller companies around the country that are using, selling and teaching AI technology, because they are doing an incredible job?
I thank my hon.
Friend for all her work to champion that brilliant local community initiative.
We expect to be able to inform applicants to the third round of the community ownership fund by the end of December.
She will know that Levelling Up, Housing and Communities questions are on Monday, where she may wish to make the case again.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
I thank the Leader of the House for announcing the Backbench Business debates for  Thursday 7 December .
Let me give her early notice that if we are awarded time on  Thursday 14 December ,  the Committee will intend to schedule debates on knife crime and the potential merger of Vodafone and Three.
Is the Leader of the House considering giving the Backbench Business Committee any time in the week beginning  Monday 18 December ?
If she is, we would love to know as soon as possible so that we can allocate debates and let Members know.
I am glad to say that the Committee was re-established this week and is up and running, but we already have a backlog of debates, with 13 on our waiting list.
It is good that we have plenty of business to come.