Will he join me in pushing for equally clear and focused duties for other economic regulators where, sadly, the same cannot currently be said?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and for his very important work in this area.
I know that reducing the regulatory burden is a cause that is very close to his heart, and to the hearts of those in the Chamber today who supported his amendment in the recent Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill.
That view is also shared by myself and by the Secretary of State.
We are very keen to make sure that, as well as ensuring that sectors are well regulated, our economic regulators focus on competition and economic growth.
I disagree.
The Competition and Markets Authority is not only the dog that does not bark, but the dog that does not bite.
We see multinational corporations and investment funds of such a size that they have more power than a sovereign Government.
When will the Government give the CMA the powers and authority needed to tackle the corporate monopolies and cartels that have so much sway over our lives?
The hon.
Member raises an important matter.
That is why the Government are legislating in this space, through the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill, which gives the CMA huge new powers, particularly over some of our largest online platforms—platforms that have what we describe as strategic market status.
This is world-leading legislation that will tackle many of the examples of detriment that he will be aware of and that he raises in his question today.
What steps she is taking to maintain access to high street postal services.
The Government protect the post office branch network by setting access criteria and minimum service levels to be provided by branches across the country.
More post offices have opened this year than have closed.
The network is as large today as it has been for five years, with around 11,700 branches open, above the 11,500 target that we set for the Post Office.
The Minister mentioned that more post offices are opening.
Actually, they are closing.
The Clapham Common post office in my Vauxhall constituency has been earmarked for closure and there are no current plans to replace it.
I am fighting this closure, along with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Streatham (Bell Ribeiro-Addy)  and local ward councillors in the Communications Workers Union.
This is a pattern that we are seeing across the country.
It has been identified that 260 postal shopfronts have closed across the country in the past 10 years.
With those closures, we are seeing elderly and  vulnerable people—people who need their post offices on the high street—having to travel further.
Will the Minister tell me what more he and the Government are doing to protect these vital services?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right to raise this issue.
The Post Office has launched a public consultation regarding the Clapham Common post office.
The Post Office maintains that locals will continue to have good access to services.
There is a post office within a mile of the Clapham Road branch, and three further branches within two miles.
Nevertheless, the Government support the post office network with a significant amount of financial support—£2.5 billion over the past 10 years—so we do continue to support post offices.
We know how important they are to constituents and other colleagues in this House.
I am very happy to meet her to discuss this particular case.
What her planned timetable is for the ratification of the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership.
We are working at pace to ratify the CPTPP, which we hope to bring into force next year.