Friend for raising this important point on a subject close to her heart.
She will know that since we left the EU there have been good opportunities for our fishing communities.
In one instance, a fishing port not far away from her has seen its annual sales go from £40 million to £70 million.
This should be a success story and, of course, what benefits the fishing community benefits hospitality, leisure, retail and many other things.
She will know that there will be an opportunity to raise this matter with the Secretary of State on  7 December  and I urge her to do so.
Today is Fuel Poverty Awareness Day, and I thank National Energy Action for its work ensuring everyone can have a warm, safe and healthy home.
I recently met with Friends of  the Earth Luton, as part of its United for Warm Homes campaign, who told me that in my constituency there are 36 energy crisis hotspots, representing over 50% of neighbourhoods in Luton South, where below average incomes meet high fuel bills.
Will the Leader of the House provide Government time for a debate on an emergency home insulation programme to start in neighbourhoods hit hardest by the energy crisis?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question and I shall ensure her suggestion is heard by the Secretary of State.
She will know about the financial support that we have given households, as well as recent measures in the autumn statement, that mean over £100 billion in support has been provided.
On average, low- income households have received £2,500 a year to enable them to cope with higher energy bills.
Through her auspices, her constituents could make use of a number of insulation schemes, including those in the private and public sectors.
I will ask the Department to ensure she is aware of all those schemes.
We often have debates about parliamentary standards for MPs, which I have contributed to, but we rarely debate the standards adopted by political candidates.
They are not elected, and most never will be, yet that large group of people has a significant effect on the public perception of our politics and politicians.
If we want to improve standards in politics, that begins at the grassroots level of political activism.
During my time as an MP, there have been far too many instances of behaviour by my political opponents that have failed any definition of acceptable standards, or even legal ones.
Can we have a debate about how we raise the bar throughout our political system, including local party associations and candidates for office?
I hope what my hon.
Friend says will be met by agreement from both sides of the House, particularly from party leaders.
I happen to know that my hon.
Friend has suffered appallingly at the hands of a particular individual and I urge him to raise that matter with the relevant party leader.
We should take these things seriously.
I know from my own party that our candidates are required to sign up to the Nolan principles of public life, which is matched with training.
This week our sitting MPs and parliamentary candidates received training from the Antisemitism Policy Trust.
This is an incredibly important point and I hope we will all hold our colleagues, whether they are MPs or prospective parliamentary candidates, to account on this matter.
I hope that my hon.
Friend’s particular situation is resolved swiftly.
Last Sunday, I was proud to march against antisemitism, standing shoulder to shoulder with British Jews alongside my friends and constituents.
I welcome the increase in funding to the Community Security Trust, as laid out in the autumn statement, and thank it for keeping my constituents safe.
However, since the pogrom of October 7, we have seen a staggering 1,300% increase in antisemitism, with many Jews no longer feeling safe in Britain.