The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership on small and medium-sized enterprises in the UK.
The CPTPP is one of the major benefits of Brexit.
It has the potential to deliver billions of pounds to our economy and benefits small businesses across the UK.
The deal delivers lower tariffs, reduced red tape, and cutting-edge digital provisions that directly support small businesses to trade more.
It has an SME chapter committing all countries to make the agreement accessible for SMEs.
I know that will be welcome news for my hon.
Friend ahead of Small Business Saturday.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answer.
It is great news that we are progressing membership of CPTPP and I welcome what she says about SMEs.
Many SMEs will be new to exporting and need expert advice.
Will she outline what particular plans there are to help small businesses?
We will ensure that our support offer for SMEs will help firms build their capability to import and export under our free trade agreements.
We have started preparing for CPTPP entering into force.
We will be producing written guidance on gov.uk to ensure businesses are equipped with the knowledge they need to access those opportunities.
Specifically, our export support service, network of international trade advisers, export academy, and in-market support services will also help businesses to access opportunities in CPTPP markets.
In my constituency of Strangford SMEs are an integral, core part of creating jobs, putting wages into pockets, and ensuring that people can progress and learn more trades.
We want to be part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and  Northern Ireland pushing for the CPTPP.
What can the Secretary of State do to help me and my businesses in Strangford to be a part of that and to move forward?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we had the Northern Ireland investment summit a few months ago.
We met lots of businesses and investors who talked about how they want to take advantage of these markets.
In fact, we have had one of the first big investors into a factory in Belfast.
What I can do is help him with some of the materials we have around the export academy and the export support service, which he can hand out to businesses in his constituency who want to find out more.
I call the shadow Minister.
For UK businesses to benefit from agreements like the CPTPP, we must have a clear plan to boost small business exports.
Labour has a plan to remove export barriers, with clear information and support.
That is in stark contrast to the Government’s approach, which has been a catalogue of failures, including the recent fiasco with the Government’s export website, which was so deficient that firms were forced to seek essential information from foreign Government websites.
What immediate steps will the Department take to provide some stability and ensure UK businesses can excel in exporting?
I think the hon.
Gentleman might be talking about something that happened three years ago, which we fixed.
He talks about the export support service website.
Businesses have actually been praising it. [
Interruption.]
Businesses have been praising it; they very much have been.
We have an expert toolkit, which has been developed by business and trade officials.
What is interesting is that all he says is that Labour has a plan to remove export barriers.
We have actually been removing export barriers.
Labour talks about a plan with no detail.
No one is taking it seriously at all.
The Conservative party is the party that represents business in the House of Commons.
What recent progress her Department has made on bringing forward legislative proposals on reform of audit and corporate governance.
We remain committed to reform.