One of the most effective ways we could strengthen both the public sector and the private sector is the creation of an office of the whistleblower, as long championed by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cheadle (Mary Robinson) .
That would strengthen corporate governance, empower those who see wrongdoing to come forward and protect them from intimidation, and strengthen the UK as a place to do business.
Given that this week is Whistleblowing Awareness Week, could I encourage Ministers to bring forward proposals to support this important initiative?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and his work in this area, in which he has great expertise.
I met my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cheadle (Mary Robinson)  yesterday to discuss this very matter.
She has set out some key proposals in this area.
We are currently undertaking a review of whistleblowing, and we hope to report to the House very shortly.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  4 December  will include:
Monday 4 December —Remaining stages of the Victims and Prisoners Bill.
Tuesday 5 December —Opposition day (1st allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition.
Subject to be announced.
Wednesday 6 December —Second Reading of the Sentencing Bill.
Thursday 7 December —General debate on tackling Islamophobia, followed by a debate on a motion on the implementation of public registers of beneficial ownership in the UK’s overseas territories and Crown dependencies.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 8 December —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  11 December  includes:
Monday 11 December —Second Reading of the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill.
So it is another week, and another business statement, yet still no emergency legislation on Rwanda as promised.
It has been another week of infighting, division and chaos on illegal and managed migration from the Conservative party.
Apparently, some in the Cabinet—I do not know whether the Leader of the House is one of them—are holding that legislation back, while others clamour for it, with the Minister for Immigration going rogue.
The Prime Minister is stranded between them, too weak to face down either side and too weak to act.
Weeks after it was promised in days, when will we finally see the treaty and legislation?
As well as a treaty to negotiate, we have the ongoing situation between Israel and Gaza—I welcome the further extension in the temporary truce this morning—war still raging in Ukraine, a diplomatic row with Greece, visits to Kyiv and the middle east, a NATO summit, COP28 this week and a visit to Brussels next week, yet not a peep from the Foreign Secretary in this House, and no reporting back to Members.
When I last raised this issue with the Leader of the House, she said that the House must be able to “hold him to account”.
When?
I welcome the Procedure Committee looking into the matter, but the Government could and should do more to ensure that we are able to raise issues directly and regularly, now.
We have had no Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office statements this week or last, only an urgent question—yet again the Government are being dragged here instead of respecting the House of Commons, and it is just not good enough.
The next questions to the Foreign Office will be on  Tuesday 12 December .
Will the Leader of the House ensure that some progress on holding the Foreign Secretary to account is made before then?
It is not just foreign policy decisions that Members are keen to ask Lord Cameron about.
Questions about his dealings with Greensill Capital continue to rumble on.
Thanks to diligent work by my deputy, my hon.