Other Liberty Steel companies outside Speciality Steel, such as Liberty Dalzell and Liberty Hartlepool, are not affected by this action.
Following the company’s liquidation, the official receiver has been appointed as liquidator by the court.
Hon.
Members will know that the official receiver operates independently of Government, with a statutory duty to act in the best interests of creditors.
Yesterday, I laid a departmental minute notifying the House of the contingent liabilities associated with this intervention.
I regret that, due to the liquidation taking place during recess, we have not been able to follow the usual notice period of 14 parliamentary sitting days.
However, a copy of the departmental minute will be placed in the Libraries of both Houses.
In addition, the Government have agreed to funding for the official receiver, who will now stabilise operations.
The official receiver will gather company information and report to us on the likely next steps, including options for the company’s business and sites.
The total costs will depend on market conditions and the strategy adopted by the official receiver.
However, that will be subject to close scrutiny by my Department and the Insolvency Service.
As the House will be aware, the company has faced severe financial and operational difficulties since 2021.
Liberty Speciality Steels had failed to file accounts for over six years—a failure that has led to a separate prosecution by Companies House of its parent company.
I am sure that the official receiver will want to gain a better understanding of the company’s business and the conduct of its directors leading up to the liquidation.
I also inform the House that the director of the company is currently under investigation by the Serious Fraud Office for suspected fraud, fraudulent trading and money laundering.
Given that, I am sure hon.
Members will agree that it would have been wholly inappropriate for the Government to enter into commercial arrangements with the company.
This Government will always take difficult decisions when they are in the national interest.
That is why, in April, we acted to prevent the pre-emptive closure of the blast furnaces at British Steel in Scunthorpe.
In the case of Liberty Steel, the lack of transparency, the legal and financial risks and the complete absence of reliable corporate information meant we had no credible route to act before insolvency.
It is worth noting that Liberty Speciality Steels uses electric arc furnace technology that can be powered up or down as needed—although it should be noted that those furnaces have not been operating since July of last year.
That was the situation this Government inherited.
The circumstances in Scunthorpe were fundamentally different.
British Steel operates the UK’s last remaining blast furnaces—assets that, once shut down, cannot simply be restarted.
Allowing those blast furnaces to be closed pre-emptively would have removed our ability to make strategic choices about the future of steelmaking in Scunthorpe, and that was not a position this Government were prepared to accept.
Scunthorpe was therefore a truly exceptional situation and that is why we took the unprecedented step of implementing the Steel Industry (Special Measures) Act 2025 to maintain the safe operation of the blast furnaces.
The situation with Liberty Speciality Steels is not comparable.
The company was issued with a winding-up order by the High Court due to longstanding financial issues.
Spending taxpayers’ money on a company operating in such a way would have exposed taxpayers to hundreds of millions—potentially billions—of pounds in hidden costs.
With all that said, I very much believe that the steelmaking sites in Rotherham, Stocksbridge, Brinsworth and Wednesbury have a future.
I am keen to see them return to production, but that has to be achieved through private investment by an owner who can invest in the workforce and in the future of the business so that they put it on a long-term, sustainable footing.