The situation on the ground in Gaza is horrendous, and we urgently want to see a deal done to end the suffering on all sides.
An immediate ceasefire is our overwhelming priority, alongside the unconditional release of all hostages and a large-scale delivery of aid.
The ceasefire must be sustainable and lead to a wider peace plan, which we are developing with our international partners.
My constituency of Watford is a richly ethnically diverse community.
When I speak to residents there about the conflict in Gaza, the overwhelming desire is for the killing to stop, for the hostages to be released and for the people of Gaza to be able to live in peace.
Will the Secretary of State further outline what steps the Government are taking to aid international efforts to broker the ceasefire and what is frustrating it?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
Diplomacy, not bloodshed, is how we get security for both Israelis and Palestinians, and getting to a ceasefire is the immediate priority.
I will be in the region again in the coming days, discussing with them the Prime Minister’s framework for peace, which is the only plan, and how we govern Gaza and move forward once we get to that ceasefire, building a consensus around a sustainable end to the conflict.
I reiterate the concerns raised last night by my fellow journalist and hon.
Friend  the Member for Earley and Woodley (Yuan Yang)  in highlighting Gaza as the deadliest war for journalists.
Over 189 have been killed since October 2023, despite  reporters being categorised as protected civilians under international law.
Israel seems set on a deadly campaign to silence journalists in Gaza while refusing entry to other international journalists.
Can the Secretary of State join me in condemning that strategy and in paying tribute to those who are risking their lives to get news out of Gaza, and also commend our own domestic broadcasters—including the much-maligned BBC—for keeping us informed on what is going on there?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for bringing this matter to the House’s attention.
I strongly condemn all violence directed against journalists, and call on the Israeli authorities to make every effort to ensure that media workers across the region can conduct their work freely and safely.
Deliberate targeting of journalists is entirely unacceptable.
International humanitarian law offers protection to civilian journalists during any armed conflicts, and those laws should be abided by.
I call for all attacks to be investigated and for those responsible to be prosecuted.
Last week’s Nasser hospital bombings murdered many innocent people, including five journalists, and the double-tap method used was particularly barbaric.
Article 79 of the Geneva convention states that journalists are civilians during war, and article 8 of the Rome statute makes it clear that attacking civilians in a hospital is a war crime.
I agreed with The Guardian’s editorial yesterday when it stated that
“Israel wants to stop the world from seeing what it’s doing”.
Does the Foreign Secretary agree that the Nasser hospital bombings are a war crime, and what action will he be taking against Israel?
On  21 August  the UK joined a Media Freedom Coalition statement calling on and urging Israel to allow immediate independent foreign media access and afford protection to journalists operating in Gaza.
There must now be a full, independent investigation into what happened at the Nasser hospital, and my hon.
Friend is right to call to mind the importance of abiding by international humanitarian law.
The world has watched in horror as humanitarian aid has been blocked from reaching Gaza, leading to a famine that is claiming the lives of those who survived the bombs.
Meanwhile, in the west bank, the Israeli Government turn a blind eye to rampant settler violence and openly approve new settlements that could end the very possibility of a two-state solution.