Friend is right to call to mind the importance of abiding by international humanitarian law.
The world has watched in horror as humanitarian aid has been blocked from reaching Gaza, leading to a famine that is claiming the lives of those who survived the bombs.
Meanwhile, in the west bank, the Israeli Government turn a blind eye to rampant settler violence and openly approve new settlements that could end the very possibility of a two-state solution.
Can the Foreign Secretary assure the House that he is doing everything he can, not only to end the mass killing but to secure a lasting peace between two equal states in Israel and Palestine?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
The confirmation of famine is utterly horrifying.
I am appalled by the shocking levels of settler violence, and I have been clear that Israel must clamp down on that violence.
The Government have introduced three rounds of sanctions related to settler violence, including the July sanctions on Ben-Gvir and Smotrich for the incitement of violence against Palestinian communities.
The only way to deliver long-term peace and security for Palestinians and Israelis alike is through a viable two-state solution.
The remaining hostages in Gaza—those who are still alive—are being starved, persecuted and prevented from getting any form of medical aid.
When the Foreign Secretary visits the region, will he force the International Red Cross to seek the hostages and ensure that they are given the medical attention they need?
The hon.
Gentleman has always brought the issues of hostages to mind in this House, and I applaud him for that work.
I met with hostage families just before the summer recess, and I will again in the coming weeks.
The recent photos showing hostages malnourished and starved were obscene, and I will do all I can to ensure that they get the aid and support that they need, underground in those tunnels.
It is clear that the stated war goals of many elements of the Israeli Government are not a ceasefire and a lasting peace between two communities living side by side in peace, but ethnically cleansing Gaza and preventing a viable state in the west bank.
Will the Secretary of State therefore commit to sanctioning the head of the Israeli Government, Benjamin Netanyahu?
The hon.
Gentleman should look closely at the three packages of sanctions that we have had since coming to office.
He will see that there is no other country in the world with the range of sanctions against those who incite in particular settler violence and expansion.
Israel has breached two ceasefires to date.
Its bombing, its killing and now its starvation have continued for months.
It is not just the hostages who are not getting food; it is also babies, children, women and men.
The impunity that Israel has to continue to perpetrate war crime after war crime, atrocity after atrocity—when will the UK and the international community say enough is enough and take real action to put an end to the killing and to help the hostages be freed?
It is not enough to assert it or say it.
That is why we restored funding to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency.
That is why we have had three packages of sanctions.
That is why yesterday I announced an extra £15 million of aid.
That is why I have spoken to my Israeli counterpart nearly every week—certainly every month—that I have been in office.
It is why we have corralled the international community with the statements we have made.
It is not about words; it is about action to bring this to an end.
The Secretary of State was very clear yesterday that if we want peace, we must ensure that the hostages are released.
If we want peace, we must ensure that Hamas are ousted from Gaza.
If that happens, we will have a peace that will last.