Spending taxpayers’ money on a company operating in such a way would have exposed taxpayers to hundreds of millions—potentially billions—of pounds in hidden costs.
With all that said, I very much believe that the steelmaking sites in Rotherham, Stocksbridge, Brinsworth and Wednesbury have a future.
I am keen to see them return to production, but that has to be achieved through private investment by an owner who can invest in the workforce and in the future of the business so that they put it on a long-term, sustainable footing.
We know that the business environment has not been good enough for the UK’s steel industry, which is why we have already made substantial changes to secure a stronger future for it.
I will say more about the steps that we have taken shortly.
In the case of Liberty Speciality Steels, it goes without saying that the company’s hardworking employees are key to turning the sites around.
Their skills and expertise will be essential in delivering that brighter future.
However, in its current state, producing only minimal volumes of steel and with many employees still on furlough, we know that some tough choices lie ahead.
It is now for the official receiver to determine the next steps in the insolvency process.
But let me be clear: this Government will stand by this workforce and do all we can to support them through this period of uncertainty.
Despite the challenges facing the steel sector today after years of neglect under the previous Government, we believe that this industry will bounce back and grow stronger tomorrow.
This Government are doing everything we can to make that happen.
We are pressing ahead with a bold steel strategy for the UK, set to be published later this year.
That strategy will set out our vision for a competitive, decarbonised and resilient domestic steel industry.
Our approach is clear: we want the UK steel sector to thrive, with strong private investment and commercially sustainable operations at its core.
Under our new industrial strategy, we have already announced some major policy changes to increase the future viability of the steel industry.
We are reducing electricity costs for steel producers by increasing network charge discounts through the supercharger from 60% to 90%.
We are changing Government procurement rules via the publication of a new steel public procurement notice to ensure that UK-made steel is considered for all public projects.
We are also strengthening current steel safeguard measures, ensuring that UK steel producers will not be undercut while still ensuring that the UK has a steady and reliable supply.
Hon.
Members will know that we have also secured a much-improved deal for the workers of Port Talbot—something the Opposition repeatedly said could never be achieved—and we delivered it alongside a £500 million grant to support the transition to low-carbon electric arc furnace production.
I was proud to attend the groundbreaking event for this in July with the chair of Tata Group.
We will continue to work hand in hand with this vital British industry to ensure its long-term success.
Let there be no doubt that, for Liberty Speciality Steels, we will pursue every option to keep steelmaking in Rotherham, Sheffield, South Yorkshire and the west midlands.
We will offer all possible support to the independent official receiver on the all-important next phase, and we will continue to work with hon.
Members across the House to ensure that the UK remains a proud steelmaking country now and for many years to come.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Minister.