I know this is a very distressing time for Mr and Mrs Woodcock and the whole family.
My hon.
Friend will know about the consular support that is being provided, as we have spoken about that.
I would, of course, be very happy to meet him and the Woodcock family to discuss the matter further, although he will understand that I cannot get directly involved in overseas investigations by authorities in France.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Business Secretary is due to travel to China next week to restart trade talks.
His trip will fall 50 days after Beijing announced its latest round of extraterritorial bounties, targeting 19 pro-democracy Hongkongers, including several more UK-based activists.
In an earlier answer, the Minister laid out the many steps to sanction the Georgian Government for their assault on democracy.
Will the Foreign Secretary implore the Business Secretary to cancel his trip and press for a block on all UK ministerial visits to China until Beijing rescinds those bounties?
In June, the Minister for Security, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley North (Dan Jarvis) , and I met the UK activists targeted by the Hong Kong arrest warrants and bounties.
We have raised concerns regarding the arrest warrants and bounties directly with the Chinese ambassador here in London, reaffirming that the safety and security of Hongkongers in the UK is of the utmost importance to the Government.
The matter is being raised at all levels—by Ministers and by the Foreign Secretary, and will indeed be raised, if there is such an occasion in the future, leader to leader.
I share the anguish and profound distress of my constituents over the conflict in Gaza.
Many of them have friends and family in the region; they are living with that torment every day.
The Minister will have seen hundreds of thousands of Israeli citizens marching for a release of the hostages and for a ceasefire.
What are the UK Government doing to support those citizens and the Opposition parties in Israel, who are being so let down?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her sustained engagement in these issues.
As the Foreign Secretary has said, we talk regularly to hostage families in Israel and to participants in Israeli politics right across the spectrum, and we will continue to do so.
We make our disagreements with the Israeli Government clear, both in private and in public, and we will continue to do that, too.
On 23 July, my constituent Dr Lindsey Fitzharris, a naturalised British citizen who is undergoing cancer treatment, was denied boarding her flight home to the UK from the US, a journey she has made numerous times without trouble.
She was told to contact the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office for an emergency travel document, but it took three weeks —including interventions by me—to get her home for treatment.
How can it have taken three weeks in an emergency to do so?
Will the Department apologise to Dr Fitzharris and investigate the matter fully?
The Foreign Office seeks in its consular assistance to always provide timely support to British nationals overseas.
I will investigate the case and report back to the hon.
Lady.
This week, the International Association of Genocide Scholars passed a resolution concluding that Israel’s conduct meets the legal definition of genocide, as laid out in the UN convention, noting in particular the killing and injuring of 50,000 Palestinian children.
What assessment does the Foreign Secretary make of this resolution, and does he agree that we must go further to ensure accountability for these crimes and justice for the Palestinian people?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her work on these matters.
We have seen those reports; the Foreign Secretary referred to them in the House yesterday  afternoon.
As I said earlier, the threshold that the Government must test against is the one we outlined in September, which is about the real risk.