Members across the House to ensure that the UK remains a proud steelmaking country now and for many years to come.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Minister.
I am grateful to the Minister for giving me advance sight of her statement today, but here we are again: another day, another Government takeover of a key British manufacturing plant, another 1,500 jobs—1,500 people—facing an incredibly uncertain future, and the prospect of significant job losses alongside the wider economic impact across supply chains and in aerospace, defence and power generation that would result from the collapse of this specialist steelworks.
Despite so many warm words about the steel industry, despite so many Labour promises to the people who have worked their whole lives in that industry, and despite the impression of superiority while in opposition, this Labour Government are failing British industry.
They are failing to provide certainty of policy and the economic growth that they said was their central mission, and they are failing to get a grip on the issues that affect thousands of working people’s lives.
The Minister says she wants to provide certainty to the steel industry and the people who work in it.
She says that we can expect a bold steel strategy for the UK, but where is it?
The Government are not new any more; they have been in power for a year now, and there is still no clarity on this supposedly bold strategy.
The British steel industry faces a fierce dual set of pressures: new 25% US tariffs and continued high energy costs.
We all know that the energy costs in this country are too high, yet they have been driven only higher by  this Government’s ideological obsession with prioritising decarbonisation over economic growth.
Back in May, Liberty Steel warned that it faced significant challenges due to soaring energy costs, but instead of focusing on tackling the underlying causes of expensive energy, the Energy Secretary is backing windmills while leaving Britain’s oil and gas industry in the doldrums.
He is leaving our amazing British oil and gas—our greatest energy source—trapped under the North sea.
This is economic illiteracy aimed at satisfying their own green obsessions.
From steel to chemicals to cars, builders and makers across Britain are paying the price of this Government’s socialist green agenda, and it is their workers and investors who will lose out.
On tariffs, despite the economic prosperity deal agreed by the Prime Minister and President Trump, the agreement’s provisions lowering US tariffs on UK-produced steel and steel derivative products have still not come into effect.
The Government have repeatedly avoided answering questions in this House on when the agreement will come into effect.
We heard no mention whatsoever of it in the statement today or in the note yesterday, so I ask again: when will the provisions lowering US tariffs on UK steel come into effect?
Of course, even if those provisions do eventually come to fruition, steelworkers should beware of this Government, who have overpromised and under-delivered before, with devastating impacts for workers.
Just look at Jaguar Land Rover.
The Prime Minister looked workers dead in the eyes and promised that he would protect their industry and save their jobs.
He then used those workers as a Labour propaganda photo opportunity across television and the front pages when the UK-US deal was announced, but little over two months later, Jaguar Land Rover announced it was cutting 500 jobs.
The very same workers who were promised everything by the Prime Minister were left out in the cold by this Labour Government’s inability to secure a better trading relationship with our closest ally.
Let us today try to get some clarity on what exactly this Minister has done and will do for the British workers impacted at Liberty Steel.
First, she announced that the Government had agreed to funding the official receiver and that total—
Order—[Interruption.]