Will the Foreign Secretary outline his strategy to keep people safe and economically viable in their own or host countries, and how that can be achieved with a dramatically reduced ODA budget?
I am very grateful for the work that my hon.
Friend continues to do on her Select Committee to champion the cause of people across the world who are suffering.
She will be pleased that climate remains a priority, notwithstanding the changes that we have had to make in our development spend.
We recognise that climate often drives migration routes, so our very important upstream work has to continue.
Given communist China’s predictable support for the killer in the Kremlin’s campaign of murder and mayhem in Ukraine, why are the Government rewarding China with a super-embassy in London?
There is no reward.
The right hon.
Gentleman will recognise that this is a quasi-judicial process that must be approached properly.
Under the Geneva convention, all countries are entitled to an embassy.
First, I pay tribute to my constituent Anne Strike for her constant campaigning for the eradication of polio.
Sadly, we have seen cases of polio in warzones like Gaza.
What is the Foreign Secretary doing to ensure that we eradicate this disease once and for all?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his important question; polio is an issue not just in Gaza but in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Eradication is vital, and we are committed to an eradication campaign.
We have helped 600,000 children and we will continue to work on this vital question, including in my region.
The Secretary of State reiterated the issue of the conditional recognition of the state of Palestine.
If the Government want to do that, would it not be better equally to make it a condition that any future state of Palestine does not threaten the right of the state of Israel to exist, and that  if anyone carries out terrorist actions from any future state, they will be handed over to the international authorities?
There have been important commitments about the future nature of any Palestinian state, including from President Abbas, who said that any such state would be demilitarised.
There was absolute clarity in New York—where we made the announcement about the recognition decision—that Hamas can have no future role in Gaza and that a future Palestinian state must pose no threat to an Israeli state.
Two states requires two states living in safety and security and posing no threat to each other.
I welcome the sanctions that the Government have put in place on the Israeli Government, as in their current form they are not a reliable or trusted partner.
Has the Foreign Secretary ordered a review of the UK’s relationship with the Israeli Government over the last 13 months?
If not, why not?
I set out the detail of the sanctions to which my hon.
Friend refers, and the Foreign Secretary has announced a review of some of the elements of our bilateral co-operation with Israel, including a number of steps in relation to free trade agreements and so on.
I am grateful for the leadership that the Foreign Secretary and the Minister for the Middle East showed over the summer in their visit to Syria and in engaging with the Syrian Government, especially on the violence that took place in Suwayda.
As UK special envoy for freedom of religion or belief, I was particularly worried to see that the violence especially affected the Druze and Christian minorities in that country.
What more can we do to work with the Syrian Government to ensure that they protect all their citizens, regardless of their religion?
My hon.
Friend asks a vital question, which I raised directly with the Syrian Minister of Justice and the Syrian Foreign Minister last week.
The violence—in coastal regions, targeting Alawites, and in Suwayda in the south, targeting Druze and others—was deeply concerning.