I share many of my constituents’ despair and anger about the intolerable suffering in Gaza.
Last year, I had the privilege of meeting one of my constituents, Becky, to hear about her heartbreaking experience of delivering medical aid in Palestine.
Devastatingly, a year on, the situation is much worse, with Gaza now the child amputee capital of the world and thousands more families pushed to starvation.
There have been some welcome moves from the Government in recent months, but clearly not enough has yet been done—nothing can be until the suffering has stopped.
What further urgent action can we take to finally secure access to the aid that Gaza desperately needs, and end this intolerable suffering?
I thank my hon.
Friend and his constituent, Becky.
Over the recess, I met doctors who have served in Gaza.
Hearing their first-hand accounts of the injuries that children are suffering there was truly horrifying.
We continue to press the Israeli Government.
They must act urgently to lift restrictions, open up aid flows and enable the UN and international non-governmental organisations to carry out their lifesaving work without obstruction.
The Foreign Secretary delivered that message to Foreign Minister Sa’ar just last week, and over the past month we have delivered strong, co-ordinated messages with partners through joint statements.
The Minister will know that Médecins Sans Frontières has referred to the locations used by the Gaza Humanitarian Foundation as sites of “orchestrated killing”.
What pressure are the Government bringing to bear on both the Israeli and US Governments to stop using the foundation and reinstate the United Nations-led system of aid delivery?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
The Foreign Secretary set out our very clear views yesterday afternoon.
The GHF is not working and has led to thousands upon thousands of injuries and many, many deaths at its sites.
I have heard of the considerable looting that is associated with the lack of UN machinery—machinery that was functioning effectively.
I am glad to tell the House that there does appear to be more aid getting into Gaza in total, and the cost of flour has slightly reduced, but there is still considerable looting.
The aid operation is not working as it should.
The UK supports the UN and its agencies.
The GHF is not working.
The UN has now confirmed famine in Gaza City.
More than half a million people face catastrophic conditions of starvation, destitution and death.
This is a man-made disaster, described by the UN Secretary-General as “a failure of humanity”.
At least 600 daily truckloads are needed to avert further famine-related deaths, yet Israel continues to block aid.
Will the Government commit today to concrete actions to pressure the Israeli Government to lift the obstruction, including sanctioning all members of the Cabinet, including Netanyahu, who are complicit in the illegal aid blockade?
I have been clear already about our views on the vital urgency of lifting aid restrictions.
I have gone myself to the border to see our aid in al-Arish.
I have spoken to our partners.
UK-Med, for example, has been chasing consignments since March.
We make these points with force to the Israeli Government, and we have already taken far-reaching sanction action, as discussed by the Foreign Secretary yesterday afternoon.
In famine conditions, new mothers often eat last and eat the least.
This time next year, around 55,000 pregnant and breastfeeding women in Gaza could be at risk of death by starvation that is man-made.
Following Belgium’s announcement today of new sanctions and a review of contracts with Israeli companies, can the Minister say what consequences Israel will face if it continues to starve the population of Gaza?
My hon.
Friend has a long track record of raising such issues, and she is absolutely right to highlight the fate of pregnant women and those who have recently given birth in Gaza.