A single funding workshop led by the mayor’s team unlocked more than £50,000 for local charities.
Through sustained community engagement, the mayor helps connect employers with jobseekers, donors with good causes, and schools with mentors.
They promote local artists, support care homes, champion the armed forces covenant, and offer practical help to residents in crisis.
I hope that Ministers will agree with my constituents in recognising the great value of a borough mayor, and that they will provide clarity on whether such roles will be preserved under the Bill and, if so, how in practical terms that will be achieved.
Bill read a Second time.
I have received a letter from  the hon.
Member for North Dorset (Simon Hoare)  asking for permission for an issue to be given precedence as a matter of privilege.
It concerns a legal case that could potentially have the effect of preventing the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration—also known as the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman—from laying a report before Parliament under section 10(3) of the Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967.
Standing Order No.
146  gives the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee the task of examining such reports.
The free flow of information to Parliament is essential to its work and, in the past, attempts to prevent communication to the House or its Committees have been treated as contempts.
Accordingly, I have decided that this is indeed a matter for which I should allow the precedence accorded to issues of privilege.
The hon.
Member can therefore table a motion to be debated on Thursday.
The motion will be taken after any urgent questions or statements and before Government business.
It will be available to Members once it has been tabled, which I expect will be before the rise of the House today.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of reductions to the official development assistance budget on UK-supported humanitarian and development programmes overseas.
Welcome back after the recess, Mr Speaker.
We remain committed to international development, but we must modernise our approach.
In a changing world, we are not just donors;  we are partners, investors and reformers.
We must ensure that every pound delivers for the UK taxpayer, as well as the people we support.
Sharpening our priorities on humanitarian health, climate and nature, and ensuring that they are underpinned by economic development; prioritising our work with multilaterals; and shifting how we work will help us maximise our impact.
Natural disasters like the earthquake in Jalalabad, recent wildfires and floods are becoming more and more frequent as a result of climate change.
Support for Ukraine and for Gaza have survived the disastrous cuts to ODA, but what assessments has the Department made of the impact of ODA reductions on countries facing humanitarian and natural disasters, and can the UK still provide the amount of aid needed to prevent displacement and migration as a result of those crises?
The hon.
Member raises important issues.
We have seen horrific scenes in Afghanistan, and he will know that we gave £1 million yesterday.
We have also seen terrible scenes in Sudan this morning.
He will know that tackling the climate and nature emergency around the world is a priority for us, and we continue to support humanitarian work around the world.
Of course, responding to disasters remains a key part of that, and we have demonstrated that repeatedly in a number of contexts, through the support that we have given.
Could the Minister update the House on the reduction in assistance to places including Myanmar, and on democracy there, and the imprisonment of Daw Suu?
We have to make very difficult choices as a result of the decision we made.
We remain absolutely committed to international development.
The detailed allocations will be set out in due course, and they will of course be informed by impact assessments before we publish multi-year allocations.
I call the shadow Minister.