I commend the Prime Minister for uniting a coalition of the willing, but what tangible action is it taking to ensure that Ukraine wins against three adversaries?
I thought that one of our proudest moments was watching President Zelensky walk up the steps of No 10, and reflecting on the role that the Prime Minister has played in corralling the global community around the coalition of the willing.
The hon.
Gentleman will have seen the Prime Minister with President Zelensky again in Washington DC just a few weeks ago.
In all that we are doing—on the oil price cap, in raising the issue of Russian sovereign assets with our G7 and European partners to try to resolve that issue, and through sanctions—we are leading the world.
May I join colleagues in sending my warmest congratulations to the Minister of State, Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office,  the hon.
Member for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty) , on his recent nuptials?
Over the summer recess, reports emerged that the Russians had launched an online “catalogue” of the children whom they have stolen from Ukraine.
This grotesque database allows Russian families to search for Ukrainian children by hair and eye colour.
The Russians are advertising their war crimes in real time.
What further action are the Government taking on this issue, and can the Foreign Secretary assure me that it will be the highest priority in discussions with the President of the United States during his visit later this month?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue once again.
It is absolutely a standing item on the agenda with our friends in the United States, and of course we discuss these issues with our friends in Ukraine.
Very shortly, my hon.
Friend will see a further announcement in relation to this terrible atrocity.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
As Ukraine passes the grim milestone of its fourth independence day since Putin began his barbaric invasion, we have seen nothing but sustained aerial assaults and brutality from Putin.
May I ask the Foreign Secretary directly what he will do to redouble his efforts in relation to sanctions—specific sanctions on those who are profiteering and making money from Russian oil?
That is effectively what is fuelling Putin’s war machine and his barbaric assault on democracy.
I am grateful for the cross-party support in the Chamber on the issue of Ukraine.
We have done a lot to lower the oil price cap, which I think has been essential.
We, alongside the last Government, have the largest package of sanctions anywhere in the world  against Putin’s war machine.
I cannot comment from the Dispatch Box on further sanctions, but the right hon.
Lady will see an announcement very shortly.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Yesterday I updated the House on the unimaginably bleak situation in Gaza and the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
I shared the latest on Iran’s dangerous nuclear programme, and my right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary set out Britain’s unwavering support for Ukraine.
May I also mention the tragic earthquake in Kunar province in Afghanistan?
We have announced a package of support for those who have been killed.
The Foreign Secretary wants to pay a huge amount of taxpayers’ money to Mauritius to lease back a military base that we already own.
Why is he afraid of holding a vote on this policy?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman has not been in Parliament very long, but he will see that there is a Second Reading next week, and of course there will be a vote.
For Palestinians, if suffering decades of oppression and apartheid, thousands being killed, and millions confined in an ever-reducing area as their homes are stolen and communities are destroyed was not bad enough, now the American President is devising a plan to carve up what is left of Palestinian territory for prime real estate.