Friend for her work on these matters.
We have seen those reports; the Foreign Secretary referred to them in the House yesterday  afternoon.
As I said earlier, the threshold that the Government must test against is the one we outlined in September, which is about the real risk.
We have found that there is a real risk, and our actions have flowed from that determination.
It has been more than a fortnight since the Alaska summit, and the deadline set by President Trump at that time has now passed.
What diplomatic efforts are the Government making to maintain US focus on the Ukrainian theatre of operations in the face of Russian intransigence?
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that our National Security Adviser and I are in direct touch with the Ukrainians on these issues, and the Chief of the Defence Staff was in Washington last week following up on these matters.
I think we are all grateful to Tony Radakin, who leaves today after 35 years of service to our country, for the work he is doing.
Of course, the Defence Secretary is also co-ordinating via the coalition of the willing.
I welcome the Foreign Secretary’s statement yesterday and the Government’s commitment to recognising the state of Palestine later this month, but with the attacks on the Nasser hospital last week and over 119 children now having died due to starvation, what further steps are we taking to evacuate the most vulnerable?
Furthermore, while stacks of aid are unable to get through to Gaza, is the Foreign Secretary keeping under review the use of further sanctions to put greater pressure on Israel to end the blockade of this life-sustaining provision?
My hon.
Friend has long advocated these questions.
I pay tribute to the work of Save the Children and other UK non-governmental organisations that have continued to do dangerous and lifesaving work in Gaza.
I met many of them over the recess.
There are a number of restrictions in place in relation not simply to the passage of aid into Gaza, which we have discussed in this House a number of times, but to the function of the NGOs themselves.
We keep a very close interest in this and have raised it with the Israeli Government.
My constituents who have fled Hong Kong are deeply worried about the silencing of democratic voices there and the uncertainty that the proposed change to indefinite leave to remain creates for their long-term security here in the UK.
What steps are the Government taking to hold to account those responsible for the erosion of Hong Kong’s freedoms and to give reassurance to Hongkongers who have sought refuge here?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising this important matter on behalf of her constituents.
I can reassure her that the UK Government have called on Beijing numerous times to repeal the national security law, which provides for the autocratic treatment of people abroad, such as her constituents.
We continue to work closely with the Minister for Border Security and Asylum to ensure that anyone here in the UK is safe and that their families in Hong Kong are also safe.
Given that the UK is the penholder for Yemen, will the Minister explain why the Government continue to support Israel when it has admitted to the killing of Yemen’s Prime Minister and other Ministers and is causing widespread devastation?
What steps have the Government taken to support Yemen in achieving peace, reconstruction and development, and in ending the humanitarian crisis?
Mr Speaker, as there has been a number of different reports on this, let me clarify that we believe that it is the Houthi Prime Minister, rather than the Yemeni Prime Minister, who has recently been struck.
The Houthis, as the House knows, are a threat not just to the people of Yemen and to the region, but to international shipping.