Gentleman mentioned the importance of media freedom.
He will know that we condemned the disproportionate and politically motivated sentencing of Mzia Amaglobeli in August; she has been sentenced to two years in prison, and we call for her immediate release.
I also discussed the wider situation with Georgia’s fifth president, President Zourabichvili, on her recent visit to the UK, and I expressed my support for her work supporting democracy in Georgia.
The right hon.
Gentleman will understand that I will not comment on further measures, but he can be absolutely assured that I am closely following matters, as are other colleagues across Government.
What progress his Department has made on the evacuation of UK scholarship students from Gaza.
I have been working closely with the Home Secretary to ensure that students from Gaza, including Chevening scholars, can secure their UK visas.
We are expecting nine Chevening students to start their courses soon.
I am pleased to say that we are extending this support to students in Gaza with full scholarships.
Yara is a 24-year-old student from Gaza City.
Her ambition is to study international law and global justice, and earlier this year she won a scholarship at the University of Sheffield to do just that.
Yara is one of more than 80 scholarship students trapped in Gaza today, displaced again and again, with all her belongings packed into a small bag and ready to move at a moment’s notice.
This scholarship offers her a chance to escape Israel’s genocide, famine and bombardment, which has flattened more than 1,000 buildings in Yara’s neighbourhood in just one week.
Can the Foreign Secretary guarantee that Yara and other students like her will not be left stranded and will be immediately evacuated by the Government in time for their courses to start this month?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for bringing Yara to the attention of the House.
Of course we want to see bright students like her able to achieve their ambitions.
We are reliant on Israeli permissions and on students having a full scholarship, but what I can do is ensure that the Minister for the Middle East meets my hon.
Friend to discuss this case in detail.
Along with thousands of other children, my youngest son is today going back for his first day at school.
Unfortunately, more than 660,000 Gazan children—those who have not been butchered or maimed irreversibly by the Israel Defence Forces—are being denied schooling for the third consecutive year.
That is not surprising, given that 97% of schools have already been virtually destroyed.
What is the Secretary of State doing to ensure that the next generation of Palestinians can access education, alongside launching a bespoke visa system that enables students to come to study here in the UK?
If not, why not?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise with the House the plight of children in Gaza.
Yesterday I mentioned my concerns about malnourished children and what that does for their educational outcomes.
Yesterday he will have heard the Home Secretary and myself undertake to do more to support students with full scholarships to come to our country.
Of course, as the hon.
Gentleman would expect, I press the Israeli Foreign Minister on these very same issues.
What steps he is taking to support a ceasefire in Gaza.
What recent steps his Department has taken to help secure peace in the Middle East.
What discussions he has had with his Israeli counterpart on civilian deaths in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help restore the ceasefire in Gaza.
The situation on the ground in Gaza is horrendous, and we urgently want to see a deal done to end the suffering on all sides.
An immediate ceasefire is our overwhelming priority, alongside the unconditional release of all hostages and a large-scale delivery of aid.
The ceasefire must be sustainable and lead to a wider peace plan, which we are developing with our international partners.