My hon.
Friend asks a vital question, which I raised directly with the Syrian Minister of Justice and the Syrian Foreign Minister last week.
The violence—in coastal regions, targeting Alawites, and in Suwayda in the south, targeting Druze and others—was deeply concerning.
The Syrians have conducted an investigation relatively independently in relation to the violence at the coast.
I called on them, as the Foreign Secretary has done before, to do everything they can to ensure that minorities in the new Syria feel safe and protected by the Syrian Government.
Despite the strategic dialogue referred to by the Foreign Secretary, the Government have decided to veto the UK-Morocco power project, so what are they doing in practical terms to maintain the momentum in our relationship created by the association agreement signed with Morocco in 2019?
There was no veto.
It is right that the Government look at all projects through a value-for-money lens.
I was very pleased to be in Morocco, I remain engaged with its Foreign Minister, and I will build on that strategic visit.
There is much to do over the coming months.
I was pleased to read that the Government are finally taking steps to rejoin the Erasmus+ programme—something for which the Liberal Democrats have been calling for some time.
Will the Minister now set out a timetable mandate and expected terms for UK reassociation with that programme?
I do not want to go into the details.
We are involved in many different discussions with the European Union following our historic summit on  19 May .
I attended the Gymnich with Foreign Ministers in Denmark last weekend.
We are progressing this alongside the Paymaster General and Minister for the Cabinet Office, and we will provide details in due course.
Save the Children reports that 61% of pregnant women and new mothers in Gaza were malnourished in early August: a sharp rise linked to the blockade and health system collapse.
Will the Government consider enabling the medical transfer of pregnant women needing specialist care to the UK and outline their strategy for supporting Gaza’s long-term recovery, stability and maternity health?
These children are the future of the two-state solution.
My hon.
Friend is right, as was my hon.
Friend  the Member for Luton North (Sarah Owen) , to raise the fate of pregnant women in Gaza, and indeed of those who have recently given birth.
I am happy to meet her to discuss these issues in greater detail.
I would like to make a statement regarding the insolvency of Speciality Steel UK Ltd, which is part of the Liberty Steel Group.
Hon.
Members will have seen that the High Court granted a compulsory winding-up order against Liberty Speciality Steels on  21 August , and the company has now entered liquidation.
First and foremost, let me say this: the Government stand with the affected steelworkers in Rotherham, in Sheffield and in Wednesbury.
We stand with their families and the communities, who will undoubtedly be worried at this difficult time.
I would like to reassure them and all those employed by Liberty Speciality Steels that we are standing by with our rapid response teams to give immediate support on the ground if required, that we are working with the trade unions and the South Yorkshire Mayor, and that we are working with the councils and hon.
Members from affected constituencies to offer all the help we can.
I also want to stress that there will be no immediate changes to the current operation of the business, including to employees’ jobs.
Following the appointment of special managers, the company’s sites have been secured and employee payroll processed within 24 hours.
Other Liberty Steel companies outside Speciality Steel, such as Liberty Dalzell and Liberty Hartlepool, are not affected by this action.
Following the company’s liquidation, the official receiver has been appointed as liquidator by the court.
Hon.