Following Belgium’s announcement today of new sanctions and a review of contracts with Israeli companies, can the Minister say what consequences Israel will face if it continues to starve the population of Gaza?
My hon.
Friend has a long track record of raising such issues, and she is absolutely right to highlight the fate of pregnant women and those who have recently given birth in Gaza.
I am pleased to tell the House that we are still able to get some supplies relevant to those challenges into Gaza, but clearly in a famine of this nature, pregnant women and recently born children suffer the worst.
We have allocated a further £3 million via the UNFPA—the UN Population Fund—to try to provide the services needed.
We will continue to do all we can with the Israeli Government to ensure that they provide the access required.
President Trump and envoy Steve Witkoff played an important role in securing the previous ceasefire agreement.
At crucial moments, Netanyahu has been receptive to Trump’s wishes; we saw that earlier this year, when Israel and Iran stepped back from the brink.
As the White House has a defining role to play here, will the Foreign Secretary, with our allies, urge the US to apply its full weight to its leverage?
I agree very much with my hon.
Friend.
The US of course has a key role to play in securing a lasting peace in the region.
As the Foreign Secretary said yesterday, he has raised the issues directly with his American counterparts, as have the rest of the ministerial team.
I confirm the Government’s full support for the US, Qatar and Egypt in their vital work to secure a sustainable ceasefire.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
One hundred and sixty-eight days ago, the Foreign Secretary described the Netanyahu Government’s aid blockade of Gaza as a “breach of international law”, before correcting himself to describe it as only risking a breach.
Yesterday, the Foreign Secretary told the House that Gaza faces a  “man-made famine” and that he was “outraged” by the Israeli Government’s block on aid, so do the Government now accept that Israel has breached international law?
Yesterday, the Foreign Secretary set out the long-standing position of Ministers on such determinations.
Under the previous Government, the threshold that this House set Governments was whether there was a real risk.
We have applied ourselves to that test, and we have found that there is a real risk.
Our actions from September onwards have flowed from that determination.
What discussions he has had with his international counterparts on the Chagos Islands.
The Diego Garcia military base is essential to the security of the United Kingdom and our key allies, and to keeping the British people safe.
The treaty was tested at the highest level of the United States’ security establishment, which supported the deal.
The agreement has been backed by our key allies and international partners, including the US and all our Five Eyes partners.
India, Japan and South Korea have made clear their support for the deal.
By not even trying to go to court or argue the case, the Government have cost the taxpayer £30 billion.
Does the Minister agree with the Defence Minister who said that the deal represents “good value” for UK taxpayers?
As I have explained many times in the House, those figures are completely misleading.
The net present value of payments under the treaty is £3.4 billion.
The average cost of the deal in today’s money is £101 million per year.
That is just a fraction of our Defence budget, and represents a few hours of spending on our NHS.
This Government will not scrimp when it comes to the national security of the United Kingdom and our allies.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.