We remain absolutely committed to international development.
The detailed allocations will be set out in due course, and they will of course be informed by impact assessments before we publish multi-year allocations.
I call the shadow Minister.
At a time when we face global development spending reductions across critical areas such as global health, women, peace and security, girls’ education, water, sanitation and hygiene, and nutrition, Ministers have chosen to increase energy and climate spending by £244 million—an increase of 59%.
Could the Minister explain the rationale for that significant increase and outline how those funds will be allocated, particularly as, unlike in 2024-25, no breakdown of political priorities is available for scrutiny?
As I have just said, we will set out the detailed allocations in due course; they will be informed by impact assessments.
The right hon.
Member rightly raises the issue of women and girls.
Of course, less money does not mean less action, and we see our work on women and girls as essential for development and our UK missions overseas.
We have appointed Baroness Harman as a UK special envoy for women and girls.
We are amplifying the voices of women’s organisations and movements, including in climate-affected contexts, and embedding gender equality across our  international action.
That is absolutely a priority for us, and we will set out the details of individual programmes, informed by those impact assessments, in due course.
With congratulations on her marriage over the summer recess, I call Louise Sandher-Jones.
What assessment he has made of the humanitarian situation in Sudan.
May I begin by acknowledging the terrible loss of life in Tarseen in Darfur over the weekend?
Sudan is facing its worst humanitarian crisis on record.
Over 30 million people need aid, 12 million have been displaced, and famine and cholera are spreading.
As the UN Security Council penholder, we are leading efforts to secure humanitarian access and the protection of civilians.
El Fasher has been under siege for over 500 days, and famine and cholera—all man-made problems—are rife.
It has been described as the “epicentre of child suffering”.
What is the UK doing to protect civilians and ensure that humanitarian aid can reach those who need it?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for the leadership that she has shown on this issue.
I spoke to the UN emergency relief co-ordinator just yesterday and raised this issue.
Of course, we are supporting the call of the Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs for a pause in fighting, so that aid can get in and the suffering can be alleviated.
I will of course be leading on this issue as we head towards the UN General Assembly in New York.
Do the Government actually have an Africa strategy—not just for north Africa, but for sub-Saharan Africa—and does the Foreign Secretary share my concern about the apparent lack of focus on the importance of sub-Saharan Africa to the security of the United States, let alone to our security and that of Africa itself?
I encourage the Foreign Secretary to reach out to the US Secretary of State, and to join European partners in having a joined-up Africa strategy to deal with climate change, famine and terrorism in the Sahel and all across Africa—issues that are impacting on communities there, and on legal migration to this country.
Will he work with his American partners?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for raising Africa.
The first thing that we did on coming into office was establish an Africa approach and a widespread consultation across the continent—that is absolutely right.
We must be careful that authoritarian powers do not move in where the west exits.
I reassure him that I have raised and discussed those issues with Secretary of State Rubio.