The very same workers who were promised everything by the Prime Minister were left out in the cold by this Labour Government’s inability to secure a better trading relationship with our closest ally.
Let us today try to get some clarity on what exactly this Minister has done and will do for the British workers impacted at Liberty Steel.
First, she announced that the Government had agreed to funding the official receiver and that total—
Order—[Interruption.]
No, it’s no use nodding at me.
I have not gone over time; it is the shadow Minister himself.
I am sure he is now coming to a conclusion.
I am, Mr Speaker.
Although I have lots of questions, I will ask just two very quick ones, if that is okay.
You must ask them now, otherwise I am going to stop you.
I will, Mr Speaker.
What is the budget for the official receiver?
The Minister has not laid out any costs.
She has said that it is related to market conditions but has not set out any estimates.
She knows that the Treasury will have approved estimates, so please will she set those out?
The Government have made the National Wealth Fund allocate £2.5 billion to British Steel.
Can she assure us that they will follow the investment allocation that assures its operational independence—
Order.
Please, it is not acceptable on either side of the House to take advantage of the Back Benchers who want to get in.
You have a set amount of time.
If the Minister can stick to it, I expect the shadow Minister to do so.
If the Minister goes over time, I do then grant time the other way.
Please do not do this again.
Let us come to the Chair of the Select Committee.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker—
Order.
The Minister needs to respond.
It’s been that long that I had forgotten.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I shall just explain to the shadow Minister how the system works.
The Government have not taken over control.
That is not the process of the official receiver.
The official receiver was appointed following a court case which began in 2024.
It has been a very long and arduous case.
The hon.
Gentleman will hopefully understand that I cannot set out the cost of the official receiver at this point because the official receiver has only just begun his work.
It is very early days and we cannot be specific.
We know the numbers will be in the millions, as opposed to anything more substantial, because the company is not operating in and of itself.
What we are doing is ensuring that the salaries are paid, which I hope the whole House would agree is the right thing to do.
Companies will be coming forward and expressing an interest in buying parts of the company, and it will be for the official receiver to look at that and see what process we should go through, but I cannot give the hon.
Gentleman the actual numbers on that.
I hope the whole House will understand why not.
On the shadow Minister’s wider point, if this Government had not intervened, thousands of people would have lost their livelihoods in Scunthorpe; that is a fact.
If this Government had not intervened, we would not have had a better deal for the workers in Port Talbot, we would not have been there supporting them in the transition, and we would not be there supporting the building of the electric arc furnace, which began back in July.
The shadow Minister asked what this Government have already done.
We have already changed the rules on procurement.
I have worked closely with colleagues in the Cabinet Office on that to ensure that where Government are spending money, we are spending on British business where we can—something his Government failed to do.