What steps have the Government taken to support Yemen in achieving peace, reconstruction and development, and in ending the humanitarian crisis?
Mr Speaker, as there has been a number of different reports on this, let me clarify that we believe that it is the Houthi Prime Minister, rather than the Yemeni Prime Minister, who has recently been struck.
The Houthis, as the House knows, are a threat not just to the people of Yemen and to the region, but to international shipping.
I have engaged closely with the Yemeni Government, including with both the previous Yemeni Prime Minister and the current Yemeni Prime Minister, who I am happy to report is still alive.
I call the Father of the House.
Does the Foreign Secretary agree that one of the worst aspects of the actions of the Israeli authorities is the continual stripping away of the dignity of the Palestinian people in Jerusalem and the west bank?
Only last week, the Greek Orthodox patriarch learned that, for the first time in history, Israeli authorities launched a property tax on Greek Orthodox churches.
There was international outrage at the freezing of bank accounts.
That has made a difference.
Can this House and this Government stick up for the rights of the Palestinian people?
Not even the Ottomans tried to impose a church tax.
I am grateful to the Father of the House for bringing to mind the situation in the west bank.
Of course it is important that Israel has its full security, but the violence, the expansion, the denial of funds and the chilling effect on civil society are all of huge concern, which is why we fund and support organisations on the ground and work with civil society.
We are at a pivotal point in our defence procurement.
Is the Minister engaging with allies like Morocco to use defence exports as a way to bolster trade relations?
My hon.
Friend has extensive experience in defence and I am grateful to him for his question.
During the UK-Morocco strategic dialogue in June, both sides agreed to deepen our defence industrial co-operation.
I am glad that two memorandums of understanding between the UK and Morocco have since been signed thanks to the work of the Foreign Secretary.
It has now been some weeks since President Trump invited the leader of the Russian Federation to the United States of America.
Since then, Putin has increased his assault on the civilian population of Ukraine and shown no sign whatsoever of reaching the ceasefire that was desired, so Trump’s initiative has failed.
Will the Foreign Secretary use his visit to the United Nations next week to call again for real United States sanctions on Russia?
We applaud President Trump’s efforts to bring about a sustained and sustainable peace, and there are detailed discussions going on about security guarantees and what role the United States may play as a result of the summit, but our assessment is that Putin is not up to seriously negotiating.
We condemn the killing and the loss of life that has continued, and the injuring of a security guard at the British Council.
I call the Chair of the International Development Committee.
We need to recognise that, due to climate change, conflict and population growth, forced and economic migration is only going to increase.
My Committee will shortly publish a report on displaced people, covering both the drivers and possible solutions.
I note with concern that Jordan—a country that houses many refugees—is receiving a 35% cut this year.
Will the Foreign Secretary outline his strategy to keep people safe and economically viable in their own or host countries, and how that can be achieved with a dramatically reduced ODA budget?
I am very grateful for the work that my hon.
Friend continues to do on her Select Committee to champion the cause of people across the world who are suffering.