I know about Cuddington, because the hon.
Gentleman told me about it yesterday.
Cuddington is such a typical English village that it has featured in “Midsomer Murders”, which is fictional—a bit like the previous Government’s financial affairs.
I know we have said that the desire to please is not part of what Ministers are meant to do, but I do have a desire to please him and his constituents.
The Government will work as fast as we can with industry to try to develop 4G in his constituency.
I am happy to arrange for a meeting between him and my officials to ensure he has street-by-street analysis of how we can do that.
I call the shadow Minister.
We welcome the recent update on the expansion of 4G to rural areas under the shared rural network project, particularly for businesses and farmers who are under such pressure at the moment, with the recent Treasury announcements.
Which Secretary of State should we thank for the planning approval and funding of this vital infrastructure project?
We support developing all the plans set out under the shared rural network and Project Gigabit—those plans were regularly announced by the previous  Government, but they never actually put any money into the budget.
There was never a line in a Department for Science, Innovation and Technology budget that said, “This money is guaranteed for the future.”
We are putting our money where our mouth is and we are determined to ensure everybody has proper connectivity.
Frankly, that is essential for people’s businesses, whether they are farmers or running any other kind of business, up and down the land.
We will deliver that.
What steps he is taking to improve digital connectivity in rural areas.
We are improving digital connectivity in rural areas by rolling out 30 Project Gigabit contracts, filling in gaps that are not being met commercially, predominantly in rural areas, and delivering better 4G mobile coverage and eliminating partial notspots through the shared rural network.
A number of my constituents in the village of Haslington have been in touch with me about poor mobile signal and digital connectivity in the village.
One constituent was unable to contact emergency services in the event of a medical emergency.
Does the Minister agree that the lack of progress on connectivity in our rural areas under 14 years of Conservative Government is unacceptable?
Will he meet me to discuss how we can improve matters for my constituents?
I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend, not necessarily at the same time as I am meeting  the hon.
Member for Mid Buckinghamshire (Greg Smith) , but Haslington is a bit like Cuddington: they have exactly the same set of problems.
I am sure many hon.
Members from across the House have similar issues in their constituencies that they have a burning desire to raise with me.
I am happy to make arrangements for hon.
Members to meet officials and go through issues case by case.
In relation to the 999 emergency my hon.
Friend referred to, I would be grateful if he could provide me with specific details.
All 999 calls from mobile phones should automatically roam on to another available network if there is no signal from their own provider, so I want to get to the bottom of the issue in that case.
Can I add to the Minister’s list of beautiful villages to visit the wonderful villages of Cranleigh, Shamley Green, Peaslake, Gomshall and Bramley?
They are all having big problems with 4G and 5G mobile phone reception, not least because apps need to be used to pay for parking there.
Can he meet me to discuss what more can be done to help those beautiful, but also economically important, places?
I am very happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman as well.
I am not the Pope, but it feels like I will be having a series of audiences over the next few weeks.