After that display, it is clear that the hon.
Gentleman did not recognise the result of the general election and has learned nothing.
While this Government have been fixing the mess that the Conservatives left, they have been desperately trying to rewrite history.
They come here every week, jumping on a new bandwagon and taking a new pot-shot, but with absolutely no word on what they will do differently.
Last week, the Leader of the Opposition admitted that she supported Labour’s plans to invest in the NHS, schools and homes.
The Conservatives want all the benefits of the Budget, but have no idea how they will pay for them.
The faces may change, but it is the same old Tory party: straight back to putting everything on the credit card, spending the reserves three times over.
We took the difficult decisions to fix the £22 billion black hole that they left behind, and while they are reinventing the past, we are investing in the future.
In a new report, Human Rights Watch has set out irrefutably how Israeli authorities are committing the war crime of forcible transfer in Gaza, which amounts to crimes against humanity.
Israel’s evacuation system fails to ensure civilian safety.
Civilians are not provided with access to health, nutrition and shelter, that is compounded by the banning of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, and much of Gaza is now uninhabitable.
Will the Government acknowledge that Israel has carried out mass forced displacement in Gaza, and will they take concrete measures on arms, trade and Israeli officials in order to comply with their duty to prevent genocide and protect Palestinian lives?
The situation in the middle east is catastrophic, and I know the whole House is horrified at the terrible loss of civilian life.
We are calling at every opportunity for an immediate ceasefire, with the release of the hostages and more aid into  Gaza, but we urge Israel to ensure that UNRWA can continue its lifesaving work, something the Foreign Secretary has discussed directly with the Israeli Foreign Minister.
We have imposed sanctions in response to appalling incidents of settler violence and have suspended export licences for arms, following a review that found a clear risk that they may be used to commit or facilitate violations of international law.
We will continue to seek a two-state solution, with a secure Israel alongside a viable and sovereign Palestine.
I call the deputy leader of the Liberal Democrats.
May I associate myself and the Liberal Democrats with the Deputy Prime Minister’s remarks on Ukraine?
Ahead of the Budget, I warned the Deputy Prime Minister that increasing national insurance contributions on social care providers would make the crisis in social care worse.
Now, OBR figures suggest that the increase in NICs will cost more to social care providers than the money the Government have announced for that sector in the Budget, with that measure alone withdrawing £200 million from the sector.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister speak with the Chancellor to ensure that, at the very least, health and care providers are protected from taking the hit?
I thank the hon.
Member for that question.
The Chancellor is sat near me, and I know that, through our discussions, we wanted to ensure that social care was protected.
That is why we confirmed £600 million of new grant funding for social care next year, an uplift to local government spending and an £86 million increase to the disabled facilities grant.
Our Employment Rights Bill will help deliver the first ever fair pay agreement for the social care sector as well, and we will also ensure that the NHS is funded to help with the social care situation.
It is clear that social care providers will be worse off, so I urge the Deputy Prime Minister and the Chancellor to look again at that.