I intend to continue to fight for justice, to fight for those suffering injustice and to use my voice for the people of Amber Valley.
My goal to combat injustice extends particularly to the people of Ukraine.
I visited Ukraine in September with fellow Labour MPs.
We saw the human suffering of war: the homes destroyed, the children’s cardiology hospital bombed while young children were on the operating table, the cellar of a school where civilians were held captive by Russian troops in the most appalling conditions.
Ukraine is defending herself, but she is also defending us, our values and our freedoms.
We must do everything we can to support Ukraine both now and for the rebuild after the conflict is over, and I fully support the Bill.
We must deliver on our promises to rebuild trust in politics and show that it can be a force for good.
My children have given me the affectionate nickname, “the vicious dictator”.
I am not sure whether I am best placed to lead on this, but I shall try.
I promise, Madam Deputy Speaker, that my home is not a dictatorship, but it can be seen through a political lens.
My eldest son once made a placard at bedtime with the slogan, “We want another story and we want it now”.
He was a strong campaigner even at the tender age of 10—he is now 17.
My youngest son is an effective lobbyist, as his collection of trainers will attest.
My stepdaughter is chief whip, managing to bring together the boys even in the most challenging of debates.
My brilliant husband Martin makes a wonderful Speaker of our House, keeping order and holding it all together.
We all know that politics is all-consuming and hugely onerous on families.
The love, understanding and support that Martin and our children have given me has been integral to my being in this place.
No maiden speech for Amber Valley would be complete without mentioning Butterley Engineering, around which the town of Ripley was founded.
Sadly no longer open, it leaves behind a blast furnace wall and an underground wharf, both now scheduled monuments.
Friends of Butterley Ironworks Trust are hoping to turn this heritage into good use with a visitors’ centre.
I will happily support them with that.
Butterley Ironworks may be gone, but there is a reminder for me twice weekly, as I walk under the iron arches in St Pancras train station and pass the sign that reads, “Manufactured by the Butterley Company, Derbyshire, 1867”.
The majesty of those iron arches is a constant link between representing  Amber Valley in this place and the people responsible for sending me here, who I thank greatly and promise to serve in the spirit of the Amber Valley motto, “Per laborem progredimur”—"We progress through hard work”.
The Secretary of State was asked—
Whether he is taking steps to accelerate the roll-out of the shared rural network.
The Government and industry are working together to accelerate the shared rural network and deliver substantial improvements to outdoor 4G mobile coverage across the UK.
In the past few months, the Government have activated 13 publicly funded masts across the UK, and there are now 27 Government-funded extended area service mast upgrades delivering 4G.
In my constituency, only 40, 50 and 60 miles away from this House, villages such as Cuddington are still complete mobile notspots.
Will the Minister explain how quickly the Government intend to move on activating the shared rural network, to ensure no rural community is left without a reliable mobile signal?
I know about Cuddington, because the hon.
Gentleman told me about it yesterday.
Cuddington is such a typical English village that it has featured in “Midsomer Murders”, which is fictional—a bit like the previous Government’s financial affairs.