Most of the trusts that commonly see the same patients do not use the same record systems.
What steps is the Minister taking with Cabinet colleagues to utilise the Centre for Improving Data Collaboration and other available technology to improve data sharing across NHS hospital trusts?
What a pleasure it is to speak from the Dispatch Box to another Labour MP from Sussex.
That issue is a Department of Health and Social Care responsibility but, on its behalf, the Data (Use and Access) Bill will include a requirement that IT providers in the NHS have to meet information standards.
That will deliver the interoperability needed so that data can be shared across the NHS, often for the very first time.
I call the shadow Minister.
On the Opposition Benches we are proud that it was the last Conservative Government who created the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology.
I am glad that Labour is following our agenda, and I look forward to my exchanges with the Secretary of State.
Under the last Conservative Government, Britain was home to more billion dollar tech start-ups than France and Germany combined, but last month an industry survey found that nearly 90% of tech founders would consider leaving Britain if Labour raised taxes on tech businesses.
Yesterday, Labour U-turned on policy in Scotland, so today will the Secretary of State commit to reversing Labour’s jobs tax, which damages tech businesses across the entire country?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman to his post.
We worked together on the all-party parliamentary group on the fourth industrial revolution, which he chaired, and I look forward to having a constructive relationship going forward.
The hon.
Gentleman mentioned the last Government.
Given the way the Conservatives are going, that will have been their last Government.
To be honest, the circumstances that businesses, large and small, operating in the tech landscape have asked for are a smooth regulatory process—we have already delivered regulatory reform; reform to planning—we have delivered reform to the planning system; a stable financial settlement—we have delivered that with a Budget for—
Order.
Please, this is topicals.
We will see a very good example from the shadow Secretary of State.
I thank the Secretary of State for his kind words, but he has punished labour: figures from his own Department show that workers will be losing out by nearly £800 each per year as a result of Labour’s Budget.
Will he stand up to the Chancellor and oppose any further tax rises on Britain’s hard-working tech sector?
The Budget gave a pay rise to working people in this country and set the conditions for a stable economy, fixing the black hole left in our economy by the mismanagement of the last Government.
Last week I was at London City airport’s STEM event, which brought together 500 students from secondary schools across east London.
Does the Secretary of State agree that if we are to see thriving STEM industries, we need more engagement events like that?
Outside the classroom, the CyberFirst programme has engaged 250,000 young people across the UK.
Those are the first steps; this Government will be going further.
Recently, I hosted a briefing event for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, where strong evidence was presented that almost all drug research and research into other products could be done without abusing animals.
Will the Secretary of State take the opportunity to ensure that we no longer experiment on animals and that we use other methods to get products into service?
I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s question, because the first job I ever had was at the Body Shop working for Anita Roddick, and I joined her campaign against animal testing for cosmetics.
She would be proud to see me at the Dispatch Box engaging in this conversation.
Labour made a manifesto commitment to phase out animal testing in the long term.