Lady at least commit to no further increases to inheritance tax and no further reductions in agricultural property relief or business property relief in this Parliament?
The hon.
Gentleman talks about the facts, and I absolutely stand by the figures that the Government have set out.
The vast majority of estate owners will be totally unaffected.
The hon.
Gentleman wants to talk about the figures.
I will be crystal clear: the vast majority of estate owners will see no change and pay no tax on land passed on that is valued at £1 million.
Couples can pass on £3 million tax-free, and those above the threshold will pay only half the normal rate and can pay it over 10 years interest-free.
This is just another part of the Budget that is unravelling.
Everyone here and all the farmers at home will have heard that there was no guarantee there.
We know what that means: they are coming back for more.
Even if the right hon.
Lady had made a promise today, it would not have been worth a fig.
We know that the Environment Secretary, before the election, promised the farmers that this would not happen.
Labour promises get broken.
Let us put all this into context.
The Treasury says that the family farms tax will raise on average £441 million a year.
The Treasury also says that the public sector pay rises the Government announced in July will cost £9.4 billion a year.
That is over 21 times as much.
Why do the Government think that above-inflation pay rises for the trade unions are worth so—
Order.
I do not need any more from the second Government Bench.
Please, less of it—we have had a bit of a run-in recently, and I do not need to have any more.
I think it is an audacity for the hon.
Gentleman to stand at the Dispatch Box and suggest in some way that Labour broke promises or raised taxes.
I will school the hon.
Gentleman: it was his Government who raised taxes to their highest level for a generation. [
Interruption.]
Sorry?
We will have less of that as well, unless you want to go and have a cup of tea.
Will we hear any more?
Is that it, now?
Yes or no?
Are you talking to me, Mr Speaker?
Absolutely.
You are the one who was mouthing.
I have not opened my mouth yet.
Well, I am sorry, but you must be able to do it like a ventriloquist’s dummy.
It was the hon.
Gentleman’s Government who crashed the economy—who saw inflation rise to 11.1% and growth flatline.
It was his Government who spent the reserves three times over.
I will take no lessons from the hon.
Gentleman.
I understand why the right hon.
Lady does not want to answer questions about the terrible choices the Government have made.
It is because the truth is ugly.
The truth is that this is a punishment meted out to people who do not vote Labour.
It is the same punishment meted out to parents who send their children to private schools.
It is the same punishment meted out to the owners of small businesses who are terrified about national insurance contributions, and it is the same punishment meted out to pensioners who cannot afford to pay for their fuel this winter.
Is it not the truth that if you do not vote Labour, they do not care about you? [
Hon.
Members: “More!”]
There will be more, and it will not be what you want more of.
After that display, it is clear that the hon.
Gentleman did not recognise the result of the general election and has learned nothing.
While this Government have been fixing the mess that the Conservatives left, they have been desperately trying to rewrite history.