Friend raises.
We now come to the shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
I am very happy to associate myself and the official Opposition with the right hon.
Lady’s remarks about Ukraine.
Democracies must stand together.
What are the Government doing to bring down inflation?
I think it is astonishing that—first, may I welcome the hon.
Member to his place?
Many people might not know that he was the Minister with responsibility for growth when, under Liz Truss, inflation was at 11.1% and growth flatlined, so we are doing much better than he did.
Well, I thank the right hon.
Lady for her standard charm.
The truth is that the Government are not doing anything to bring down inflation; this Government are stoking inflation.
First, we had above-inflation pay rises for the unions.
Then, we had a Budget that the Office for Budget Responsibility said would increase inflation—[Interruption.]
Order. [
Interruption.]
I am going to hear the question.
I suggest that we all hear it together—then our constituents can understand the answer as well as the question.
First, we had above-inflation pay rises for the unions.
Then we had a Budget that the OBR said was going to push up inflation.
This morning, we had City economists—real economists—saying that next year inflation will hit 3%.
Does the right hon.
Lady agree that this Government’s decisions mean higher inflation for working people?
I ask the hon.
Gentleman: 11.1% or 3%?
We have already talked about Ukraine.
It was Ukraine and covid that drove up inflation, but this Government are doing it to the British people.
High tax, high inflation, low growth, low reform—there is a word for that: it is Starmerism.
Yesterday, like many Opposition Members, I spoke to farmers from across the United Kingdom.
Some of them were families who have farmed their land for centuries—elderly men in tears, children worried about their parents and all of them worried that their way of life is about to be destroyed.
What would the right hon.
Lady like to say to them?
First of all, we are absolutely committed to our British farmers, and—[Interruption.]
That is why we have committed £5 billion to the farming budget over the next two years.
That is the largest ever amount for sustainable food production in the UK, and it is alongside £60 million to support those affected by extreme wet weather and over £200 million to tackle disease outbreaks.
The hon.
Gentleman’s party could not even get the money out the door for farmers, failing to spend over £300 million on farming budgets.
The farmers know that they were in it for themselves, and that is why we are in government and they are not.
Perhaps the right hon.
Lady thinks that everyone came to London yesterday to thank the Government.
Let us look at the facts.
A typical mid-size, 360-acre family farm in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake)  have spoken to their accountant.
Their new liability because of this Government is half a million pounds.
That is 12 years’ worth of profit.
When this generation passes away, that farm will become totally unviable, and it is just one of thousands and thousands of similar farms.
It is clear the Government have not got their facts right.
The Central Association for Agricultural Valuers—the real experts in this field—say so.
The National Farmers Union says so; it is shortly to publish a report showing that 75% of all commercial farms will fall above the threshold.
If the Government are not going to reverse this terrible policy, will the right hon.
Lady at least commit to no further increases to inheritance tax and no further reductions in agricultural property relief or business property relief in this Parliament?
The hon.
Gentleman talks about the facts, and I absolutely stand by the figures that the Government have set out.