The written ministerial statement laid before Parliament yesterday set out the direction of travel for this Government on police reform.
As I said in my response to the urgent question, a White Paper will be published in the spring.
There will be full consultation with, I hope, parliamentary colleagues as well as those involved in policing, police and crime commissioners, and all the key stakeholders.
This is the start of the process, so many of the hon.
Lady’s questions will be part of the consultation and the conversations that we have next year, but I reassure her that the safer streets mission is about the neighbourhood policing guarantee.
It is about delivering 13,000 additional police officers, PCSOs and specials in our neighbourhoods and reinvigorating the neighbourhood policing model.
The hon.
Lady mentioned antisocial behaviour and shoplifting.
Those are issues that we will deal with, and we will bring forward legislation, particularly around shop theft.
That will include a stand-alone offence of  assaulting a shopworker, and the removal of the £200 threshold that the previous Government introduced, which meant that there was almost a shoplifters’ charter—they could steal up to £200-worth of items and there would be no action.
We are getting rid of that.
We are taking action now, but we will have a conversation about broader police reform next year.
The statement was about setting out the direction of travel.
On Friday, I spent some time on patrol with Telford police, and Sergeant Alex Webb told me about her frustration at not being able to get repeat antisocial behaviour offenders out of our town centres and high streets.
When will the Government give the police the tools that they need to deal with these issues and get the yobs out of our high streets and town centres?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
This is Antisocial Behaviour Awareness Week, which aims to focus on the effect that antisocial behaviour can have on individuals and communities.
He is absolutely right to say that we need to tackle antisocial behaviour.
That is why the neighbourhood policing guarantee, which will get officers back on the streets, and the other measures that we will introduce to keep our town centres and high streets safe, are so important.
We will bring those forward in due course.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Let me welcome the Policing Minister to her role; she is succeeding me in the job that I did in the last Government.
I genuinely wish her well in the job, and I hope that she succeeds in it, because it is important for the whole country.
I am sure that the whole House will want to join me in thanking the police up and down the country for the work that they do to keep us safe.
When they put on their uniform to go to work each morning, they take risks that are required of those in few other professions.
In March this year, the police headcount hit 149,769—a record number of police, and 3,000 higher than the previous record.
My first question is: will the Policing Minister commit to at least maintaining, if not growing, that record number of police officers?
Secondly, will the Minister join me in welcoming the fact that in the past seven years, overall crime, as measured by the crime survey for England and Wales—the Office for National Statistics says that is the best measure of crime trends—has come down by 17%?
The written statement yesterday, and the Home Secretary’s speech to the National Police Chiefs’ Council yesterday, mentioned the importance of technology, which I feel very strongly about, as the Minister knows.
In the March Budget, the previous Chancellor committed to £230 million of spending on police technology over four years, of which this year is the first.
About £80 million was due to be spent this year.
Will the right hon.