Will the Minister meet me so that I can present some of the evidence collected by local authorities in Ceredigion Preseli and he can address the problem?
The hon.
Gentleman has just said what I said a few minutes ago.
It is great that Plaid Cymru is signing up to the Labour party’s agenda these days, but it is upsetting that he forgot to mention the seven high-quality masts extending better coverage of 4G in  Wales that have been installed in the last couple of months alone.
Of course I will happily meet him, and place in the Library a copy of the letter that I received from Ofcom that makes the precise point that we need to do much better in recognising the real experience of people’s mobile connectivity rather than a theoretical, ethereal version of it.
What progress his Department has made on the roll-out of Project Gigabit.
More than 30 Project Gigabit contracts are currently in place, with a total value of almost £2 billion, and more are in the pipeline.
In the past few months, the first premises have been connected as part of Project Gigabit contracts in areas including Norfolk, West Yorkshire and south Wiltshire, and the build has now started in earnest in other parts of the country.
I welcome the progress that the Government are making on the roll-out of Project Gigabit to all corners of the country, but in Telford the inequality remains stark, with some wards having complete gigabit coverage and areas such as the world heritage site in Ironbridge having almost none.
Will the Government confirm that their agenda to break down barriers to opportunity includes residents, businesses and world heritage sites that cannot get online?
The world heritage aspects relate to my Department for Culture, Media and Sport responsibilities, but my hon.
Friend is right about Ironbridge.
I hope that we will be able to announce something shortly in relation to extending gigabit coverage in his constituency through a procurement via Openreach.
The Minister will be aware that there is a strong link between communications technology and the roll-out of smart meter technology in areas in the north of Scotland that are suffering from cold weather.
Particularly at the moment, connectivity is really important for such alternative technologies to work.
What discussions has he had with the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero on that issue?
The hon.
Gentleman is right: there is a series of issues about the security and safety of connectivity in areas that suffer from particular weather conditions.
We had a successful summit on Monday morning to discuss the closing down of the public services network to ensure that everybody will be secure, but I assure him that we will work closely with the Scottish Government to ensure that the roll-out in all such areas works in the interests of businesses, whatever the weather conditions.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
To protect people online, today I became the first Secretary of State to exercise the power to set out my strategic online safety proposals for Ofcom to consider.
From increasing transparency to baking safety into social media platforms from the outset, those priorities will support Government in monitoring progress on acting where our laws are coming up short.
I have also launched a new research project to explore the impact of social media on young people’s wellbeing and mental health.
Each year millions of patients in England interact with two or more different hospital trusts.
Most of the trusts that commonly see the same patients do not use the same record systems.
What steps is the Minister taking with Cabinet colleagues to utilise the Centre for Improving Data Collaboration and other available technology to improve data sharing across NHS hospital trusts?
What a pleasure it is to speak from the Dispatch Box to another Labour MP from Sussex.