This Government have been very clear about their priorities on policing.
In our safer streets mission, we have set out that we will halve violence against women and girls and knife crime over the next decade, we will restore public confidence in the criminal justice system, particularly in the police, and we will introduce neighbourhood policing, which we know to be the bedrock of policing in this country and the area in which most people want to see investment.
Those are our priorities, as the Prime Minister and the Home Secretary have said, and that is where the focus and attention of the police needs to be.
For too long, far too many of my towns and villages have had to endure rising levels of antisocial behaviour, such as people riding unsafe bikes through village centres, and an epidemic of shoplifting, including at my local Morrisons, whose staff I met last month.
I am working closely with our local police and crime commissioner, John Tizard, to push for a more robust police response.
What reassurances can the Minister give my constituents that our new strategy will ensure that a far greater priority is given to such crimes, and that those crimes will not be tolerated, as they seem to have been far too often in the past?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his work in this important area.
This Government are committed to dealing with shop thefts and attacks on retail workers, and we will bring forward legislation in due course.
Our safer streets mission focuses on high streets, town centres and communities, so that people feel safe, there is a police presence and antisocial behaviour is not tolerated.
Week in, week out, police officers from my constituency are extracted to go and police protests and events in central London.
My constituents and I are proud to live in our great capital city and in a democracy where the right to protest is cherished.
However, under the Conservatives, since 2015, the capital city grant has been cut by 17% in real terms.
That is the money that should be used to police such protests, not community policing resources,  which is what the Metropolitan Police Commissioner is having to draw on.
Will the Minister review the capital city grant, so that my constituents can see a bobby on the beat again?
The hon.
Lady will know that announcements about the provisional police settlement will be made in December in this House.
Discussions are under way about exactly the points she raises.
I note what she says about the levels of abstraction, which are a concern, but this Government are committed to the 13,000 additional police officers, PCSOs and specials in our neighbourhoods.
The Metropolitan police area will benefit from that, as will every other police area.
When I spend time canvassing in my constituency of Harlow, as I often do, residents tell me that they do not see community police officers any more.
In 2010, we had over 30 PCSOs for the whole of Harlow, but we now have four.
Will the Minister set out how the safer streets mission will make residents in Harlow feel safer?
It is worth reflecting on the fact that the number of PCSOs has halved in the past 14 years, and the number of specials has reduced by two thirds.
Those are shocking figures.
We want to ensure that we use PCSOs, because they police neighbourhoods in such a valuable way.
Also, I am personally committed to making sure that we see more specials on the beat.
People who stand up for the local community and do such work on a voluntary basis are to be commended.
I hope that across the House we would all support an extension to the work of specials.