That is why we confirmed £600 million of new grant funding for social care next year, an uplift to local government spending and an £86 million increase to the disabled facilities grant.
Our Employment Rights Bill will help deliver the first ever fair pay agreement for the social care sector as well, and we will also ensure that the NHS is funded to help with the social care situation.
It is clear that social care providers will be worse off, so I urge the Deputy Prime Minister and the Chancellor to look again at that.
Somebody else who was worried about the Budget is Cathy, a farmer in my constituency, who told me yesterday that she thinks the Government changes simply do not make sense.
They mean that her family may have to pay a bill that will force them to sell land, which makes food production unviable.
At the same time, the Government have not closed the land-buying tax loophole that can be exploited by equity firms and the super-wealthy.
Farmers told me yesterday that they feel as though they were betrayed by the Conservatives, and they now feel—[Interruption.]
Order.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Farmers told me yesterday that they feel as though they have been betrayed by the Conservatives, but they now feel that they have also been lied to by Labour.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister think again on this measure, so that our farmers can feed Britain?
Again, I am sorry to hear that Cathy is distressed by the scaremongering around what the Labour party is doing.
The Budget delivered £5 billion for farming over the next two years—a  record amount.
The last Government failed to spend £300 million on farmers.
Our plan is sensible, fair and proportionate, and protects the smaller estates while fixing public services that they rely on.
There are only seven places in England, according to the House Library, where school funding per pupil is lower than in Aldershot and Farnborough.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that something has gone badly wrong when teachers are forced to pay out of their own pocket for basic school supplies, while many others have left the profession in droves over the past 14 years?
Will Ministers work with me to tackle the root of this problem so that we can give every young person, in my constituency and beyond, the very best start in life?
Every child deserves the opportunity to succeed in school and beyond, and I am sorry to hear of the experience in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
Last week, I visited Ravensfield primary school in my constituency, and its school council had a lot to say about the resources to our schools.
We have increased the core schools budget by £2.3 billion next year, increasing per-pupil funding in real terms.
As her constituency is the home of the British Army, I know she will also welcome the expansion of childcare support to service families deployed overseas, saving families around £3,400 a year.
I am happy to ensure that she gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
A few weeks ago, from that Dispatch Box, the Minister for Food Security and Rural Affairs said he had been congratulated by a farmer on the introduction of the inheritance tax.
I think that farmer must have been a cannabis farmer, because yesterday we had 10,000 farmers on Whitehall protesting against this madcap decision.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that the decision should be thrown in the trash can, along with Rachel from accounts’ CV?
The hon.
Member talks about CVs, and it is good to see him doing well on his Bench: once a Labour councillor, then a Tory MP, now a Reform Chief Whip.
Every time he switches party, he gets a promotion.
I have already outlined what we have done to support our farmers.