I know how much professional care work means to the Deputy Prime Minister.
Cariad Care Homes in Porthmadog tells me that it will not be able to absorb the additional exorbitant costs imposed by her Government’s Budget.
It tells me that they pose a threat worse than covid to the business.
Will she therefore personally intervene, so that her Government at least make care providers exempt from the rise in employers’ national insurance contributions?
The right hon.
Lady is right to say that I value the work of care providers and carers across the whole of the United Kingdom.
That is why we have put in additional funding through the  Budget.
We have been ensuring that for care providers and charities, including hospices, the tax regime is among the most generous in the world.
That includes tax relief for charities and their donors worth more than £6 billion for the tax year ending April 2024.
We have put record funding into our NHS, we have increased funding into adult and children’s social care and we will continue to support our public services, which were left on their knees by the last Government.
Two weeks ago, the Chancellor announced a historic £22.6 billion investment into the NHS, because it is our duty to rescue this country’s health service after 14 years of mismanagement, under-investment and, unfortunately, misleading announcements from the Conservative party.
In Plymouth, Derriford hospital, which I represent, serves not just my constituency but 19 constituencies across the south-west—it is the only major trauma centre for adults in the south-west—but we have suffered from the decisions made by the Conservatives.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister outline how that historic investment will make its way to Plymouth?
I thank my hon.
Friend for being such a champion for Plymouth.
As he knows, we are providing £25 billion extra over the next two years for the Department of Health and Social Care, including the largest real-terms capital budget since 2010.
We will ensure that every corner of the UK will see the generosity, and that services will improve for them.
I will make sure that he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss in detail how Plymouth can capitalise on that.
The town of Cheshunt in my constituency has no banks or building societies, and we have been told that we are not eligible for a banking hub.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that every town that wants a banking hub should be eligible for one, so that my residents have access to their hard-earned cash?
We have committed to 350 banking hubs through this Parliament.
I am sure that the Minister will be happy to meet the hon.
Member on that point.
I hope he will thankful for the levelling-up fund round 2 money that we secured, with £14.3 million going to Waltham Cross renaissance project, to regenerate the town centre for his constituents.
I know better than most that, under the last Tory Government, neighbourhood policing was stripped away, leaving the police invisible in towns such as those I represent.
As a former police inspector, I am delighted that the new Labour Government have committed to rebuild neighbourhood policing.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister assure my constituents that Labour’s neighbourhood policing guarantee will soon ensure that every town has a dedicated neighbourhood team?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his expertise and his work before he came to this place.
Tory austerity has decimated neighbourhood policing.
We will put thousands more neighbourhood police and police community support officers back on our streets, to ensure that every community has a named local officer.
We will tackle illegal drugs, halve knife crime, crack down on antisocial behaviour and go after the gangs who lure young people into violence.
The Scottish and Welsh Governments have banned the construction of new waste incinerators because of health and pollution concerns.
The previous Government paused them and committed to banning them.