Friend and neighbour in Kingston upon Hull.
He is absolutely right to say that the neighbourhood policing guarantee will include designated police officers, PCSOs and specials who will patrol neighbourhoods.
There will be a named officer that people can go to if there are problems around antisocial behaviour.
We will also bring forward respect orders,  which will deal with the people who are engaging most persistently in antisocial behaviour; they can stop them being in particular neighbourhoods or even put conditions on them—for example, if they have an alcohol problem, they may have to get treatment and help for that problem.
But he is absolutely right to say that antisocial behaviour is a big issue for many of our constituents.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee, Dame Karen Bradley.
I welcome the Government’s announcements on neighbourhood policing.
We have already seen a real move in this direction in Staffordshire, under the leadership of the police, fire and crime commissioner, Ben Adams, and our chief constable Chris Noble, so I very much welcome what the Minister has said.
She will know, however, that the National Audit Office has raised concerns about the experience of officers when it comes to neighbourhood policing.
What work will she do to ensure that officers have the right degree of experience, so that their effectiveness at neighbourhood policing is maximised?
Can I take this opportunity to welcome the new Chair of the Home Affairs Committee?
Chairing it is one of the very best jobs in Parliament.
On neighbourhood policing, I recognise that there is good practice around the country, with certain police forces doing it very well indeed, but she is absolutely right to say that we want to equip our neighbourhood police officers with the best training, to enable them to do a really good job for their communities.
That is why we have already announced money for the College of Policing to engage with neighbourhood police officers and give them the training that they deserve, particularly in problem solving, because that is a really important part of the role that they will play in neighbourhoods.
To deliver effective policing, we need reform, but police officers also need to feel that they have our support.
Does the Minister agree that agreeing the recommendations of the pay review body is a key part of delivering that support?
What view does she have about those, including Conservative Members, who would prefer not to agree those recommendations, and on the impact that would have on police morale?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We need to support our police officers in the work that they do to keep us all safe, day in, day out.
He will know that this year we accepted the recommendations of the pay review body, and that additional funding was provided to police forces to pay for an increase in salaries.
It is important that we continue to ensure that our police are properly remunerated for the difficult job that they do.
The Home Secretary has made that clear in her support for police officers.
Farmers in my constituency tell me that they are often the victims of serious rural crime, including threats of physical violence, but do not usually bother to report it because they do not think our rural police forces are well enough resourced to give a full response.
If that is happening across the country, presumably it means that  rural crime is seriously under-reported.
What more does the Minister plan to do to resource our rural crime teams, and to give farmers and others living in rural areas reassurance that they can and should report crime?
The hon.
Lady is exactly right.
We need to make sure that when crime happens, it is reported.
That is absolutely vital.