I am very happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman as well.
I am not the Pope, but it feels like I will be having a series of audiences over the next few weeks.
The right hon.
Gentleman has villages, I have villages.
If only he knew someone who had been the Chancellor in recent years, who would have been able to deliver the financial support that we really needed to secure the investment.
My constituents in the village of Crowthorne will welcome the Government’s action to tackle this massive issue and support connectivity for phones and 4G in rural and semi-rural constituencies.
Will the Minister have a meeting with me to discuss the issues affecting Crowthorne?
I am getting more popular day by day, which is unusual in my life.
I am, of course, very happy to discuss the issues in Crowthorne.
One thing that really concerns me is that quite often, the published version of what connectivity is available in everybody’s constituency will say that there is 92%, 93% or 95% of connectivity from all four operators, but actually, if we stand there with a mobile phone, there will not be any connectivity whatsoever.
I have written to Ofcom and it has written back saying, for instance, that in that precise location the coverage may be above or below the predicted level, leading some consumers to not get the service they expected.
There is a phrase for that.
Save it for another day.
Organisations such as TechResort in my constituency support people who are digitally excluded to become digitally included.
The Minister has a long list of meetings to go to, so instead, can the Secretary of State come along the coast to the sunniest town in the UK to visit TechResort and hear more about the funding it needs to power its work?
I am pleased to say that the Secretary of State says he will indeed visit when he possibly can.
There is a really important point here: poor digital connectivity excludes so many communities up and down this country.
We have no chance of creating the economic growth that we want in this country unless we take the whole of the country with us.
That is why it is so disgraceful that we have not had a proper digital inclusion strategy for 10 years.
That is something we will remedy.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of using Project Gigabit funding in urban areas on download speeds in rural areas.
Project Gigabit has always been designed to deliver gigabit-capable broadband to premises that will not be met by the market, regardless of whether they are in urban or rural areas.
Most premises deemed uncommercial by the market are in rural areas, but consistent evidence suggests that we will also need to intervene in some urban areas to achieve full national gigabit coverage.
Funding will continue to be provided where it is needed.
There are 11,500 houses that will be connected to fibre as a result of the Conservative Project Gigabit policy.
There is real concern that some of those will miss out if money is redirected from rural to urban communities.
After the family farm tax, can we please give rural communities a break?
The vast majority—more than 90%—of the spending in Project Gigabit has gone to rural areas because those are the areas most in need.
There is absolutely no change in our policy to that.
However, some urban areas have significant problems as well and we need to rectify those.
The hon.
Gentleman points out some of the issues in his own constituency.
I am happy to provide him too with a meeting, if he wants.
I see he has nodded.
What steps his Department is taking to help increase levels of innovation in the Black Country.
We want to boost investment in innovation and enable people in all regions of the UK to benefit from an innovation-led economy.