Rumour has it that someone has beaten me to that particular accolade.
I am relieved that you are in the Chair, Madam Deputy Speaker, because I also found myself googling whether I am the first MP named Linsey.
I hope that does not affect my chances of Mr Speaker calling me in the future.
I am, however, the first Amber Valley MP to have been born in the constituency—technically.
I was born in Ilkeston, a town now in neighbouring Erewash, but at the time Ilkeston was a constituency with my three towns, so I was technically born in the constituency, but perhaps that is a lawyer’s argument.
The Labour party was formed to give ordinary people a voice and to improve lives.
My dad is David Farnsworth and he would say that he is an ordinary man.
He also has a catchphrase: “Let me tell you a little tale.”
To coin his catchphrase, I would like to tell the House a little tale about the Labour party through the life of that so-called ordinary man.
There has been much debate about what a working person is, but I know it when I see it: it is my dad.
Originally a coalminer, like so many others he went into the dark so that his children’s lights would shine.
I am pleased the Government are returning the pension fund to miners such as my dad and the 772 former mineworkers in Amber Valley.
Righting that wrong was a manifesto commitment—and we are keeping our promises.
Our lives changed when I was 12 and my mum Margaret was diagnosed with cancer.
She was one of the most caring people, always putting others first.
Her late diagnosis was a result of her not wanting to be a burden on our already overstretched NHS.
She died less than two months later.
I do not want any family in Amber Valley to go through that.
This Government will get our NHS back on its feet—we must.
After my mum died and the pits closed, my dad was out of work.
The Labour Government gave him the opportunity to retrain as a bricklayer.
He attended what was then South East Derbyshire College in Heanor, in a beautiful Victorian building.
Long since closed and left derelict, it is now being refurbished and will house small businesses and provide community space.
Together with the newly renovated marketplace, the Labour-controlled borough council is ensuring that Heanor town centre will be a welcoming place for residents to visit, while boosting our local economy.
My dad went on to build hundreds of houses and, had he not retired, I am sure he would be building his fair share of the 1.5 million homes that we have promised to provide within this Parliament.
My dad would say that he is an ordinary man.
I say “would say” because he cannot any more.
Dementia has taken his voice.
My wonderful stepmum Kate cares for him.
She is one of the 5.2 million unpaid carers in the UK.
I am glad that this Government are improving carer’s allowance, but we must go further and create a national care service.
My dad would say that he is an ordinary man.
I say that he is extraordinary, for it is his values and guidance that have led me to this place.
My upbringing instilled in me a drive—a drive to make society fairer.
That led me to serve as a Crown prosecutor for 21 years, working to secure justice for victims.
It was, until my election to this place, the greatest honour of my life.
I intend to continue to fight for justice, to fight for those suffering injustice and to use my voice for the people of Amber Valley.
My goal to combat injustice extends particularly to the people of Ukraine.
I visited Ukraine in September with fellow Labour MPs.