That is why we have the neighbourhood policing guarantee, and it is why we will have 13,000 additional police officers, PCSOs and specials.
People will be able to go to a named police officer if they have problems in their area, as she requests.
As I said earlier, we want to make sure that neighbourhood police officers are properly trained and that this is seen as a very important part of policing, so that officers want to stay in neighbourhood policing for longer.
My constituents in Nantwich often report experiencing unacceptable antisocial behaviour at night, particularly linked to the night-time economy, so I welcome the Government’s plan to introduce zero-tolerance zones and respect orders to get a grip of the antisocial behaviour that the last Government allowed to run out of control.
Will the Minister say a little more about how this will help my constituents?
All Members will know that antisocial behaviour can blight communities and can cause real problems to individuals and families.
This week is Antisocial Behaviour Awareness Week, and I was struck by Resolve’s statistic that one in seven householders is thinking about moving because of antisocial behaviour.
That is really shocking, and our respect orders and neighbourhood policing reforms will start to address the antisocial behaviour that has blighted many of our communities for too long.
The Minister has outlined the lack of confidence in police services across the United Kingdom because of the failure to deal with real crimes such as burglary, shoplifting and antisocial behaviour.
At the same time, we learn that three police forces have spent a year investigating a tweet by a columnist after a report from someone in Holland.
Surely, if there is to be reform, one thing we should do is tell the police that they are no longer the thought police.
They are meant to be dealing with crime.
If that means changing the bad law introduced by the last Government, will the Minister make sure it is done so that we do not have any more of this nonsense?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that this Government are prioritising the crimes that affect communities and individuals, such as the increasing antisocial behaviour, threats and knife-enabled robbery.
Those are the things that people care about, and those are the things that our safer streets mission is designed to deal with.
In answer to the right hon.
Gentleman’s question, it is worth reflecting that the provisions on non-crime hate incidents came out of the Macpherson inquiry following the murder of Stephen Lawrence.
That recommendation was about providing an intelligence picture for police officers.
It may not be a crime, but the intelligence picture might benefit from knowing about it.
It is worth reflecting on that.
Of course, I want consistency and common sense in such investigations and, as I said earlier, the inspectorate has also highlighted the need for consistency and training because of the confusion about the guidelines issued by the previous Government.
I am happy to look at that with the College of Policing to make sure we get it right, but there is a place for it in some circumstances.
Residents living around Wilmot Park in west Dartford continue to be plagued by antisocial behaviour, including vandalism, the use of motorbikes in green spaces, noise and threatening behaviour.
As part of their safer streets mission, will the Government use police reform to ensure that such crimes are prioritised in Dartford and across the country?
I want the police to be getting on with this now, and they have powers they can use to deal with antisocial behaviour, but we want to make sure they have additional officers through the neighbourhood policing guarantee to ensure that they can deal with antisocial behaviour in communities.