I see he has nodded.
What steps his Department is taking to help increase levels of innovation in the Black Country.
We want to boost investment in innovation and enable people in all regions of the UK to benefit from an innovation-led economy.
That is why the spending review supports the UK’s research and development ambition, with total Government investment in R&D rising to a record £20.4 billion in 2025-26.
That allows us to extend innovation accelerators for another year, which will continue to bolster the west midlands’ high-potential innovation clusters, fund the Midlands Industrial Ceramics Group through the Strength in Places fund, and support the region’s investment zone.
Last month, alongside Richard Parker, the Mayor of the West Midlands, I was lucky enough to join Halesowen college as it opened its new digital and media campus at Trinity Point.
Does the Minister agree that excellent institutions such as this are fundamental to supporting innovation across our region, and would she be so kind as to visit us at some point in the near future?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that educational institutes are crucial to innovation.
Halesowen college is one of five colleges across the region using the further education and innovation fund to support innovation and technical excellence within the local community.
Such facilities and expertise will help businesses to develop a workforce with skills and take advantage of that.
I would be delighted to visit the Trinity Point college if the opportunity arises.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Increasing levels of innovation across the UK are crucial to unlocking growth and solving some of our biggest problems.
That is why I was worried to read about the Secretary of State saying that we have to apply “a sense of statecraft” to working with multinational tech companies.
Does the Minister agree that what we should be doing is working with such companies as companies, not states, focusing on increasing healthy competition and supporting innovative UK businesses so that they are not left with the choice of being bought up or leaving the UK?
As I have said, increasing productivity right across the UK is fundamental to our mission to kick-start economic growth.
Through our industrial strategy and the development of local growth plans, we  will build on local strengths to ensure that public and private research and development businesses right across the UK help local places to reach their potential.
We are strengthening the relationships with businesses to deliver for British people.
If he will take steps to support the creation of a global network of scientific research on frontier artificial intelligence safety.
The UK is a founding member of the AI Safety Institute international network.
The network convenes for the first time today in San Francisco.
The UK is a global leader in AI development, which brings many opportunities, but we know that the risks associated with AI can be managed only by global co-operation.
What steps is the Department taking to ensure that the UK works with other main leaders in AI development, including the US and China, to ensure that the most advanced frontier AI models are safe for global consumers?
My hon.
Friend is completely right to say that safety has to be there from the outset.
We want our country to safely explore all the opportunities that AI offers, but it can do so only if people are reassured that safety is there from the outset.
The UK safety institute is at the forefront of this.
It is the first safety institute, and we are at the forefront of delivering international as well as domestic safety.
We are currently working on an international review of the science of AI safety, which draws on the expertise of 30 countries.
I call Steve Darling.
On question number 13, Mr Speaker, may I ask the Minister what steps he will take to ensure that people who are visually impaired are able to engage—
Order.