It is a great privilege to be called to make my maiden speech in this most important debate, and it is an honour to represent the people of Amber Valley in this House.
I am proud to be part of a Government with five missions, but my sixth mission is to put Amber Valley firmly on the map.
Any Members who have had the misfortune to sit with me in the Tea Room will know exactly where Amber Valley is, because it is my practice to suffix its name with “in Derbyshire”.
In fact, Amber Valley is known as the heart of Derbyshire, and deservedly so, because not only is it right in the middle of our wonderful county, but its people have the biggest hearts.
They are among the most friendly people in the world, but they are also unyielding.
It is no surprise that they are descendants of those involved in the last revolution in England, the Pentrich revolution of 1817, during which a group of constituents plotted an armed uprising, angry about the state of the economy and demanding parliamentary reform.
Hon.
Members will understand my relief at being part of a Government who are committed to making people better off and reforming the House of Lords.
Originally a mining area, the local economy has since developed a diverse industrial base.
I am delighted we are driving forward our industrial strategy, so that businesses such as those headquartered in Amber Valley can thrive.
Firms such as Thorntons Chocolates, Denby Pottery, Bowmer and Kirkland, Berry Recycling, National Gas and David Nieper provide employment.
The last of those companies lends its name to a school in Alfreton, which it oversees.
That is a fine example of business supporting the local community.
The school’s ethos is to ensure children can raise their aspirations, breaking down the barriers to opportunity.
That is so important for our young people in Amber Valley.
Youth services have been cut back, and the gap that has been left is filled by the hard work and dedication of local people, such as James at Ayup in Alfreton, and Chrissie and Mikey at Old Farm Bus in Ripley Marehay.
I am the fourth MP for Amber Valley.
The first, Phillip Oppenheim, is credited for having brought the mojito to the UK.
I cannot promise to do anything so exciting when I leave this place, beyond perhaps sampling one or two of those in our new bar in Alfreton.
It is  aptly named the Moot Bar, by virtue of its overlooking the marketplace, where moot hearings, which are believed to have led to the modern day jury system, were held to settle disputes and try offenders.
It is a fitting place for a former Crown prosecutor such as myself to frequent.
The second MP was Judy Mallaber, of my party, who still makes a huge contribution to our community.
Judy worked hard for the introduction of the minimum wage.
I am delighted this Government are building on that legacy, increasing the national living wage and introducing the biggest improvement of workers’ rights in a generation.
Most recently, Amber Valley was represented by Nigel Mills.
Nigel is a thoroughly decent man, who served as a dedicated constituency MP for 14 years.
He is rightly proud of being the longest serving MP for Amber Valley.
I wish him well.
We have heard mention in many maiden speeches of firsts—the first female MP, the first MP for a new constituency and even the first MP with a beard.
In that spirit, I found myself looking for mine.
Could I be the first Crown prosecutor to enter Parliament?
Rumour has it that someone has beaten me to that particular accolade.
I am relieved that you are in the Chair, Madam Deputy Speaker, because I also found myself googling whether I am the first MP named Linsey.
I hope that does not affect my chances of Mr Speaker calling me in the future.