Residents living around Wilmot Park in west Dartford continue to be plagued by antisocial behaviour, including vandalism, the use of motorbikes in green spaces, noise and threatening behaviour.
As part of their safer streets mission, will the Government use police reform to ensure that such crimes are prioritised in Dartford and across the country?
I want the police to be getting on with this now, and they have powers they can use to deal with antisocial behaviour, but we want to make sure they have additional officers through the neighbourhood policing guarantee to ensure that they can deal with antisocial behaviour in communities.
We have been very clear that the police will be given additional powers to make sure they can seize and destroy the motorbikes and vehicles that are causing nuisance to communities through antisocial behaviour.
Having worked with the right hon.
Lady on Committees over a number of years, I am delighted to congratulate her on her appointment.
In that spirit, I will make what I think is a helpful suggestion about non-crime hate incidents.
Clearly, chief constables have huge discretion over how much effort they put into investigating local crime and non-crime incidents of the sort that she says have a place in the spectrum.
Could she perhaps require chief constables to report back to her Department on how many hours their forces spend investigating crime incidents and non-crime incidents?
It appears that tens of thousands of non-crime incidents are being investigated every year.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his comments.
It has been a great pleasure to work with him on various Committees over the years.
He is correct that this is an operational matter.
It is for chief constables to decide how they use the resources available to them.
My understanding is that very little time is actually spent on non-crime hate incidents, but I will check that with His Majesty’s inspectorate of constabulary.
Coming from a policing family, and having served with the National Crime Agency, I am immensely proud of British policing.
However, I am equally devastated at the decline overseen by the Conservatives.
Can the Minister outline what we are doing to rebuild British policing and return it to being the best in the world?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and for his service.
We will all benefit from having him in the House, sharing his experience and knowledge.
The police reform agenda, as set out in the Home Secretary’s speech and the written ministerial statement yesterday, is about resetting that relationship with the police.
We want to work with the police.
This is not about doing things to the police, but about working collectively to get the very best police service for this country, for today, tomorrow and the years ahead.
My residents in Boston and Skegness want the police on the streets, preventing antisocial behaviour and crime.
They do not want our valuable police resources wasted on monitoring tweets for non-crime hate incidents, threatening and bullying residents, and then that record remaining on a database, which can prevent people from getting a job in the future.
It is a complete waste of time.
Will the Minister and the Home Office scrap those guidelines as an unnecessary use of valuable time and resources?
This Government have been very clear about their priorities on policing.
In our safer streets mission, we have set out that we will halve violence against women and girls and knife crime over the next decade, we will restore public confidence in the criminal justice system, particularly in the police, and we will introduce neighbourhood policing, which we know to be the bedrock of policing in this country and the area in which most people want to see investment.
Those are our priorities, as the Prime Minister and the Home Secretary have said, and that is where the focus and attention of the police needs to be.