Gentleman’s question, because the first job I ever had was at the Body Shop working for Anita Roddick, and I joined her campaign against animal testing for cosmetics.
She would be proud to see me at the Dispatch Box engaging in this conversation.
Labour made a manifesto commitment to phase out animal testing in the long term.
That is something we are committed to and something we are taking steps towards.
The peddling of fake news and disinformation on social media platforms is fuelling extremism.
It also impacts heavily on our democratic processes in the UK.
What safeguards are the Government putting in place to combat this really serious issue?
I am extremely grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising one of the most serious issues of our time.
The Online Safety Act 2023 requires providers, as part of their risk assessment, to consider specifically how algorithms will impact a user’s exposure to illegal content and children’s exposure to harmful content.
I have introduced new measures to ensure that children are kept safe, and today I issued a statement of strategic priority to Ofcom to insist that it continues to do so in future.
Last year, nearly 50 British universities were identified as having research ties with what are deemed very high-risk Chinese institutions.
Subsequently, the intelligence services briefed 24 universities on resisting the infiltration attempts of foreign agencies, but the  Intelligence and Security Committee report states that it is “highly likely” that joint UK-China research projects are used for military purposes.
What is the Department doing to protect our research and our security?
The Government are working closely with individual universities, the university sector and our intelligence community to ensure that our research is not only world class but safe and secure.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 20 November.
I have been asked to reply.
My right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister has attended the G20 summit, strengthening the UK’s ties with major economies to drive jobs and security at home.
This week marks 1,000 days of Putin’s barbaric war in Ukraine.
We will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
This week also marks Equal Pay Day.
I am extremely proud that this Government have introduced the Employment Rights Bill, strengthening the rights of working women and making work pay.
This morning, I will have meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in the House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
I recently met members of the British Association for Biological Anthropology and Osteoarchaeology, who highlighted a loophole in the Human Tissue Act 2004 allowing human remains to be auctioned, frequently disguised as modified items or replicas.
Such items have included a foetal skeleton posed under a glass dome, a human thigh bone turned into a cane, a human jawbone necklace and the varnished skull of a six year old, and are often from indigenous communities in Africa and Asia, having been stolen during colonial expeditions.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that it is abhorrent for human remains, regardless of their origin or age, to be sold by auction houses and on social media sites such as Instagram, Facebook, eBay, Etsy and Gumtree, and will the Government take action to end that depraved practice?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that sensitive issue.
It is absolutely horrifying to hear her account of it, and I agree that it is abhorrent.
Although the Human Tissue Authority strictly regulates the public display of human remains, with fines or imprisonment for breaches, it does not cover sales or purchases.
However, I will ensure that a meeting is arranged with the appropriate Minister to discuss the troubling cases that my hon.
Friend raises.
We now come to the shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.