Member talks about CVs, and it is good to see him doing well on his Bench: once a Labour councillor, then a Tory MP, now a Reform Chief Whip.
Every time he switches party, he gets a promotion.
I have already outlined what we have done to support our farmers.
We will continue to support the farmers and we will continue to invest in our public services to get Britain back on track.
My right hon.
Friend has come under intense scrutiny from the press at different times, and she must have found it difficult.
A press that is free to scrutinise politicians is vital in a free society and a democracy.
Is she as concerned as I am by the Stasi-like interview that was given to Allison Pearson of  a week last Sunday?
Does she agree that the Essex police force and other police forces would be better trying to deal with shoplifting, burglaries and other crimes, rather than intimidating journalists?
Free speech and our press are incredibly important—they are part of our democracy—but in direct response to my hon.
Friend’s question, the police are independent and it is a live  investigation, so it would not be appropriate for me to comment on that.
I believe that we should have a free press.
It is part of our democracy, and we should have free speech, but with that comes responsibility for those who do it.
Yesterday, I met three constituents in Parliament: Duncan Hawley, his wife Nicola and his 10-year-old daughter Hattie.
Duncan is a sheep farmer, and he has stewarded his family farm for most of his life.
He is outraged, hurt and worried about the Government’s deeply damaging family farm tax.
He is deeply worried about food security, food inflation and whether he will even be able to pass that farm on to future generations.
My question to the Deputy Prime Minister is simple: why have this Labour Government declared war on British farmers?
I say to the hon.
Gentleman and to Duncan and Nicola that this Government have not declared war on farmers.
The vast majority of farms will not pay any inheritance tax.
We have protected them.
We have been as generous as we can.
The farmers rely on our public services, like everybody else.
We inherited a £22 billion black hole from the Conservatives, who spent reserves three times over.
We are investing in our schools, our hospitals, our public services and housing.
If the hon.
Gentleman does not agree with that, then, like the Leader of the Opposition, he should say what he would do differently .
The  previous Government failed countless women through chronic underfunding of maternity services.
At Stroud maternity hospital, post-natal beds have remained closed for more than two years.
Local, midwife-led units, such as Stroud, deliver fantastic quality of care for women, while having low intervention rates during birth.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister outline what steps this Government will take to improve maternity services?
I am sorry to hear about the situation in Stroud, and I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue for women in his constituency.
The Darzi report clearly set out that under the previous Government, the NHS was broken, with patients waiting too long for care.
We are committed to ensuring that all women and babies receive safe, compassionate and personalised care through pregnancy, birth and, critically, the following months.
We will ensure that maternity services deliver the best outcomes for patients as we invest to build an NHS fit for the future.
I know how much professional care work means to the Deputy Prime Minister.
Cariad Care Homes in Porthmadog tells me that it will not be able to absorb the additional exorbitant costs imposed by her Government’s Budget.
It tells me that they pose a threat worse than covid to the business.