Last week I was contacted by a constituent whose husband has stage 4 bowel cancer.
He had a routine scan in June but did not receive the results until early November, and unfortunately during that period he received unsuitable chemotherapy and his cancer has progressed.
Given that Shropshire has the worst record in the country for CT and MRI scan results, may I ask the Deputy Prime Minister the same question that my constituent has asked me?
When will the Government address this problem?
I am sincerely sorry to hear about the hon.
Lady’s constituent’s husband, the terrible diagnosis at stage 4, and the delays leading up to that.
We have explained before how difficult the inheritance was in respect of the cancer diagnosis waiting lists.
People are waiting far too long for treatment, which is why the Chancellor put a record amount of money into our NHS so that we could catch cancer in time.
I know that the Health Secretary is determined, as a personal endeavour, to ensure that people do not have to wait and do not end up in the circumstances that are so tragic for the hon.
Lady’s constituent.
Order.
Just for the record, I should like to apologise to Mr Kruger.
I got the wrong person.
Mr Wild has now owned up to it. [
Laughter.]
What I would say to Mr Kruger is, “Don’t sit next to him again.”
12.40 pm
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department if she will make a statement on police reform.
I will respond on behalf of the Secretary of State, and I thank the hon.
Lady for securing this important question on what is an important subject.
At its best, policing in England and Wales is truly world class.
Every day, officers perform their duties with courage, skill and dedication, and we are all grateful to all of them.
At the heart of our British policing tradition is the notion of policing by consent, which is dependent on maintaining mutual bonds of trust between officers and the local communities they serve.
But over the last decade or more policing has faced a perfect storm as visible neighbourhood policing has been decimated, as law enforcement has struggled to keep up with fast-changing crimes, as outdated technology has held forces back, and as confidence has fallen in communities and among victims because far too often people feel that if something goes wrong no one will come and nothing will be done.
For too long, instead of Government showing leadership and helping the police to navigate these testing times, predecessors in our Department have just walked away.
This Government will not stand on the sidelines while public confidence and public safety are put at risk, and that is why we are pursuing our unprecedented safer streets mission to reduce the most serious violence and to rebuild confidence in policing and the criminal justice system.
To successfully deliver that mission, we need forces that are fit for the challenge of today and tomorrow.
That is why the Home Secretary yesterday announced a programme of police reform that will be pursued in partnership with policing.
Under our neighbourhood policing guarantee, we will restore patrols to town centres and rebuild the vital link between forces and the people they serve.
To drive up performance and standards, a new performance unit will be established in the Home Office which will use high-quality police data to spot trends and improve performance and consistency.
And we will work with policing to create a national centre of policing to bring together crucial support services such as IT, aviation and forensics.
We will present a White Paper on police reform to Parliament next year.