Mr Speaker, what can I say?
I absolutely agree with the hon.
Gentleman—may I say my hon.
Friend?—about the Spelthorne Litter Pickers.
Those who come together to volunteer and help, in particular young people who do a lot of this, play an important role in all our constituencies.
I think across the whole House we congratulate the Spelthorne Litter Pickers on their award, and all those who do voluntary work to support our communities.
I draw the attention of the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests as a very proud trade union member.
In 2019, the Conservative party promised to deliver an employment Bill that would protect and enhance workers’ rights in the UK.
Like so many of its promises it never delivered, but my right hon.
Friend has done it, cleaning up the mess that the party opposite left behind.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree with me that her Employment Rights Bill is the biggest upgrade to workers’ rights in a generation?
I too declare an interest: my hon.
Friend and I used to be convenors for Unison North West, and I champion the work that she has done on behalf of her constituents and for working people.
The Government are delivering on their plan to make work pay, and to ensure that employment rights are fit for a modern economy.
The Employment Rights Bill will benefit people in some of the most deprived areas in the country, and will save them up to £600 a year in replacing lost income from the hidden costs of insecure work.
I commend the work that many Members—some on the Opposition Benches, but in particular some on ours—have done to bring the Bill to fruition.
The whole House recognises the authenticity of the right hon.
Lady’s back story—her pride in being a carer, and indeed in her recent elevation.
In contrast, the chief constable of Northamptonshire was sacked in June for misrepresenting his CV, and just last month a nurse, Tanya Nasir, was imprisoned for five years for doing the same.
Does the right hon.
Lady agree that such serious consequences are right and just in such cases?
I know where the right hon.
Gentleman is trying to go with this.
While it is tempting—[Interruption.]
What I will say to the right hon.
Gentleman is that in the last four months our Chancellor has shown more competence than the last four Chancellors that were appointed by his Government.
Despite being its capital, my home city of Edinburgh is, per head, the lowest-funded local authority in Scotland owing to the austerity inflicted on us by the Scottish National party in Holyrood, which means that great projects such as The Ripple face closure.
Now that my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Scotland has secured the biggest block grant for Scotland in the history of the Scottish Parliament, will the Deputy Prime Minister work with me to ensure that the Scottish Government use it to end austerity for my constituents?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend, who is entirely right to raise the subject of the impact of the SNP’s irresponsible management of Scotland’s finances and the austerity that it is inflicting on his constituents.
Our Budget rejected a return to austerity.
We delivered the largest real-terms funding settlement for Scotland since devolution, and the result of the Budget is clear: the SNP has the powers, it has the money, and it has no more excuses.
Last week I was contacted by a constituent whose husband has stage 4 bowel cancer.
He had a routine scan in June but did not receive the results until early November, and unfortunately during that period he received unsuitable chemotherapy and his cancer has progressed.
Given that Shropshire has the worst record in the country for CT and MRI scan results, may I ask the Deputy Prime Minister the same question that my constituent has asked me?