We will tackle illegal drugs, halve knife crime, crack down on antisocial behaviour and go after the gangs who lure young people into violence.
The Scottish and Welsh Governments have banned the construction of new waste incinerators because of health and pollution concerns.
The previous Government paused them and committed to banning them.
Why are this Government busy approving them?
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, we always follow the strict rules on planning, ensuring that safety and other factors are always taken into consideration, and we will continue to do so.
Thousands of families in my constituency have moved into new-build developments in Shinfield, Loddon Park and beyond.
But many have found their dreams of home ownership punctured by unfair and opaque property management charges.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister reassure my constituents by setting out how the leasehold reform Bill will address those concerns, and will she meet me and affected constituents?
I welcome my hon.
Friend to her place.
Unjustified increases to service charges are completely unacceptable.
The Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024 will provide homeowners with greater rights, powers and protections over their homes, including greater transparency over service charges.
Leaseholders have been ripped off for too long.
It is this Government who will sort it out.
I call the Father of the House.
Today is Red Wednesday, when we remember all those worldwide who are persecuted for their belief.
A recent report by Aid to the Church in Need shows that in the countries surveyed the persecution of minorities increased by 60%.
In the light of that, will the Government commit to reappointing the Prime Minister’s special envoy for freedom of religion and belief, a post that has remained vacant since July, as soon as possible and hopefully by Christmas, so that we in the United Kingdom can play our part in defending religious and belief minorities worldwide?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.
We are committed to championing human rights, including the right to freedom of religion and belief.
I join him in marking Red Wednesday, an important moment to show support for all those persecuted around the world for their religion and belief.
Today, we will light up Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office buildings in the UK in red in support of that.
Envoy roles are under consideration and will be decided on in due course.
Harshita Brella was killed and found in the boot of her car as it was taken from her home in Corby on   14 November .
This tragic murder left a community shocked and scared, and it is being investigated by the police.
Harshita was protected by a domestic violence protection order that lasted 28 days.
It was not renewed.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that all must be done to reassure the community and bring the perpetrator to justice?
Further, does she agree that in some circumstances domestic violence protection orders should last longer than 28 days, when the victims are most vulnerable?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this case.
My thoughts are with Harshita’s family in this horrifying set of circumstances, where Harshita should have been protected and felt protected.
The Government are committed to halving violence against women and girls.
We continue to do our work, hopefully across the House, to make sure that we can end the circumstances Harshita faced and we can stop this kind of barbaric action.
The  Spelthorne Litter Pickers is an outstanding organisation of 1,000 volunteers who do great work up and down my constituency, come rain or shine.
Last week, they were awarded the King’s Award for Voluntary Service. [ “
Hear, hear!”]
Would the Deputy Prime Minister, the Government and indeed the whole House like to join me in congratulating the Spelthorne Litter Pickers and thank them for all they do?
Mr Speaker, what can I say?
I absolutely agree with the hon.
Gentleman—may I say my hon.