I welcome the Secretary of State’s robust view on the BBC.
However, the problem is that the BBC does not refer to Hamas as a terrorist organisation, as it should.
Indeed, the problem is that David Collier, an investigative journalist, could  actually go through the documentary and identify all the errors that were made while sitting at his computer.
If the BBC cannot do that, something is seriously wrong, particularly when it is in the position of commissioning this documentary, not doing it internally.
Can the Secretary of State make sure that when she talks to the BBC, it makes extra efforts to ensure that if it commissions these sorts of documentaries, they are actually accurate and not using terrorists and potentially funnelling money to terrorists?
I am happy to give the hon.
Gentleman that assurance.
That was part of the discussions I had with the BBC director general earlier this week.
I would expect an organisation like the BBC already to have robust systems in place on that, and I have been assured that that is part of the internal review.
Does the Secretary of State agree that across all the issues that the BBC may report on, its operational and editorial independence from Government is an important principle that should be upheld?
Yes, I very much agree with my hon.
Friend, not least because it is the role of broadcasters to hold a mirror up not just to society, but to the Government, and to hold us to account.
That is why I very much agree with the words of the media Minister in the previous Government,  the hon.
Member for Hornchurch and Upminster (Julia Lopez) , who said that the BBC is not
“an instrument of Government.
Ministers seeking to interfere with editorial decisions or the day-to-day running of the organisation would be in nobody’s interests”.—[Official Report,  27 February 2024 ; Vol.
746, c. 103WH.]
Once again, the BBC has got it badly wrong, since  7 October , with its treatment and description of Hamas as a terrorist organisation.
Once again, we are told that lessons will be learned.
Does the Secretary of State think that the BBC is incompetent, negligent or just riddled with antisemitism?
I have been absolutely clear with this House that I think the BBC has serious questions to answer.
The director general was very clear with me earlier this week that it has serious questions to answer and that it intends to answer them in full, and I will make sure that is the case.
It is quite clear that the BBC has not shown the standards of journalistic integrity that we expect of it in the case of this documentary or through its coverage of the  7 October  attacks and the war that followed.
Danny Cohen, the former BBC director of television, says that the BBC is “institutionally hostile to Israel”.
Can we have an inquiry into not only this incident, but the BBC’s relationship with Hamas, the independence of its reporters in Gaza from Hamas and its wider coverage of Israel?
If there is evidence of BBC funds reaching a proscribed terrorist organisation, will the Secretary of State join me in saying that there should be a full criminal investigation?
Ensuring that no money has fallen into the hands of Hamas is the duty of all of us.
The last Government were very clear about that in relation to the aid budget, and we are very clear about that too.
The BBC needs to be as clear, or there must be consequences.
I also reassure the hon.
Gentleman that in December I convened a roundtable with the Jewish community to discuss antisemitism in the arts and the creative industries more generally.
I was appalled by what I heard at that meeting, which was convened by Lord Mann and the Board of Deputies of British Jews.