I believe that the Church of Scotland is taking similar steps.
St Margaret’s, Church of Scotland, in Knightswood in my constituency is closing, much to the detriment of its congregation and the wider area.
The church is home to a significant pipe organ, built by the renowned maker Henry Willis.
In some countries in Europe, there are protections in law for historical instruments such as that one, to prevent them from being destroyed or abandoned when a church becomes redundant.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that such a scheme should be established in the UK?
Again, my hon.
Friend highlights the importance and significance of preserving instruments, particularly the one at St Margaret’s.
I would be happy to write to her to suggest organisations that may be able to help the congregation.
I would also be happy to put her in touch with the Church of Scotland to see how it can best take the matter forward with her.
The hon.
Member for Blaenau Gwent and Rhymney, representing the Restoration and Renewal Client Board, was asked—
What the key cost drivers are for the programme.
The restoration and renewal programme is in the preparatory stage.
To date, key cost drivers have included design work and programme and project management costs for surveys.
On delivering the work for the Palace, three delivery options are being developed, along with their costs, and the intention is to publish that information before the end of the year.
The three options for delivery works seem to represent various degrees of compromise between shortened timescales, the associated reduced overall costs, and the continued presence and functioning of Parliament within the Palace of Westminster.
It is wise to seek ways to negate the need for such a compromise.
What possibilities for decantation into Westminster Hall might yet be explored?
Would the Minister meet me and members of the project team to discuss those possibilities?
My hon.
Friend’s professional background offers him insight into the choices that we will have to make.
I understand that the possible use of Westminster Hall as a host for the Chamber has been considered, but there were concerns about the impact on the oldest part of the palace.
The northern estate is the favoured location.
I will ask senior officers of the restoration and renewal team about his idea, which I am happy to discuss further with him.
The right hon.
and learned Member for Kenilworth and Southam, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked—
What discussions he has had with the Electoral Commission on the arrangements for the publication of the first strategy and policy statement.
The first and current strategy and policy statement for the Electoral Commission was published by the previous Government in February last year.
The commission passed its report to the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission this week, setting out how it has had regard to the statement as required by law.
The commission will publish that report in due course.
The Elections Act 2022 passed by the previous Government imposed a strategy and policy statement on the Electoral Commission, undermining its independence for some confected agenda about voter fraud, and eroding trust and confidence in the commission.
Does the right hon.
and learned Gentleman agree that the best course of action would be not to publish a further strategy and policy statement until such a time as the legislation can be reviewed?
I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that that is the commission’s view.
He will know that the commission remains opposed to the principle of a strategy and policy statement, and views such a mechanism as inconsistent with its independent role.
It is estimated that only 3% of the 3.5 million British citizens abroad participated in the last general election.
What action can the Electoral Commission and my right hon.
and learned Friend take to ensure that people who are eligible to vote can do so in future general elections?