It celebrated its 70th anniversary this year, but could face closure because of declining congregations and lower incomes.
That threatens a valuable community space that is particularly used by vulnerable and elderly people.
Can the Second Church Estates Commissioner outline how the Church of England could work with the Church of Scotland to share best practice on managing churches with smaller congregations to preserve those valuable community spaces?
The National Church Institutions and the Church of Scotland signed the Columba declaration, committing to joint dialogue on a range of issues.
I understand that they meet regularly to discuss these issues.
It might be useful for her to reach out to the Church of Scotland on that, and if she is unable to do so, I am happy to put her in touch with it.
What support the Church is providing to the diocese of Jerusalem, in the context of the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
The situation in Gaza and the west bank is devastating, and the Church continues to support the diocese of Jerusalem through prayer, financial assistance and advocacy.
The archbishop’s appeal for the diocese continues to provide much-needed support for Church organisations and bodies, whether that is in Gaza or the west bank.
On the west bank and in Jerusalem, the security situation and the economic conditions are worsening, with increasing violence and a decline in the number of pilgrims visiting.
That has led to a rising level of emigration, as many Christians leave the Holy Land, where generations before them had lived.
Will my hon.
Friend outline the work the Church is doing to assist the diocese in supporting its dwindling congregations in these difficult times?
There is no safe place on the west bank, including in East Jerusalem, for Palestinians.
The attacks on the Christian community there are focused on seizing land and property, and have been increasing in recent months, with Armenian churches bearing the brunt.
The Christian community faces a co-ordinated and aggressive move to drive these living stones of our faith to leave the region.
Bishops have frequently visited the region over the past 16 months; they have regularly met the Archbishop of Jerusalem to discuss how best they can help the diocese to respond to the many appalling attacks.
It is important that we hold up the people of Palestine in prayer for their safety and security.
Violence is not the answer to any of this.
A year and a half ago, I met the Archbishop of Jerusalem.
He outlined some of the things the Church was doing on education, jobs, and opportunities for young people to do apprenticeships.
Those things can only happen if there is money available.
What discussions has the Church Commissioner had with the Archbishop and the Church on helping to retain young people in Jerusalem?
I mentioned funds in my response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edmonton and Winchmore Hill (Kate Osamor) .
I can certainly write to the hon.
Gentleman about the discussions that have taken place with the Archbishop of Jerusalem, if he would find that helpful.
Whether the Church has made an assessment of the potential merits of specific legislative protections for significant church organs.
My hon.
Friend will know that I do not answer for the Church of Scotland, and that heritage and culture is a devolved matter, but when a  parish church is to close, the Church of England tries to secure a new home for its instruments, working with local authorities, the diocese and national heritage bodies.
I believe that the Church of Scotland is taking similar steps.
St Margaret’s, Church of Scotland, in Knightswood in my constituency is closing, much to the detriment of its congregation and the wider area.
The church is home to a significant pipe organ, built by the renowned maker Henry Willis.