I am grateful to the Secretary of State for that answer.
The documentary “Gaza: How to Survive a Warzone” was broadcast by the BBC on  17 February .
It purported to show what everyday life was like for people in Gaza—a topic of huge sensitivity.
As the UK’s public broadcaster, the BBC has a duty to provide accurate and impartial news and information, which is particularly important when it comes to coverage of highly sensitive events.
In this case, it is clear that the BBC has fallen far short of those standards.
Shortly after it aired, reports emerged that the documentary was narrated by the son of a senior Hamas figure.
Initially, the BBC defended the programme as an “invaluable testament” to the conflict and kept it available  on iPlayer.
Only after a significant public backlash did the BBC decide to withdraw it.
Then we learned that on at least five occasions, the words “Yahud” and “Yahudy”—Arabic for “Jew” and “Jews”—were changed to “Israel” and “Israeli forces”, or were removed from the documentary; and then we learned that up to £400,000 in public funds might have indirectly supported a terrorist organisation.
However, I regret to say that the Government’s response to these allegations has been just as concerning.
On Monday the Secretary of State refused to say whether Hamas, a proscribed terrorist organisation, should be described as such by the BBC, but I was glad to hear her comments today.
On Tuesday the Home Secretary, the Minister responsible for addressing threats related to terrorism, said that she did not “know the details” surrounding this case, despite allegations that £400,000 in public funds may have indirectly supported this organisation.
For that reason, the Leader of the Opposition wrote to the director general of the BBC requesting a full independent inquiry to consider this and wider allegations of systemic bias against Israel.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for her response to my correspondence on this matter.
I understood from her letter that she had raised these concerns about the documentary with the director general—and she has just confirmed that—and it was right that she did so, but I must press her further on the letter’s contents.
Did she make it clear that, in this case, the BBC has fallen far short of the standards expected of the UK’s public broadcaster?
Did she receive any assurances from the BBC that taxpayers’ money has not been funnelled to Hamas?
Did she support our calls for a full independent inquiry into the documentary?
What commitment did she receive from the BBC that this will never happen again, and if a criminal investigation has to take place, what will happen?
Order.
That should have been two minutes.
Please will everyone measure how long they have?
It is unfair, because we have a lot of business to get through.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for bringing this matter to the House, and also for raising it with me.
As he knows, I have a long history of taking antisemitism extremely seriously—for instance, when it poisoned my own party—and I will always speak out without fear or favour when I see it raise its ugly head.
I am, however, deeply disappointed by his attempts to pretend that the Government have been anything other than robust on this.
He will know that in the media interviews to which he referred, I made it crystal clear that the UK Government and I believe, and have believed for a long time, that Hamas is not only a proscribed terrorist organisation in the UK but a terrorist organisation, and we will continue to describe it as such.
He will also know that in one of those interviews I made it clear that I had requested a meeting with the director general of the BBC to discuss the matter.
“Of course, the BBC is not there as an instrument of Government.