That is precisely the kind of thing that I hope we will be able to incorporate into our national tourism strategy this autumn.
It will be the first time that the UK has ever had one.
What steps she is taking to help improve the sustainability of lower league football clubs in Wolverhampton West constituency.
What steps she is taking to help improve the financial sustainability of English football clubs.
We are proud to have introduced the Football Governance Bill, which will establish an  independent football regulator to protect the financial sustainability of English football clubs, and we recognise the key role that lower league football clubs play at grassroots level.
Given the financial challenges faced by lower league football clubs such as AFC Wulfrunians in my constituency of Wolverhampton West, which also has an excellent boxing gym catering to the local community, can the Secretary of State confirm what steps the Government are taking to ensure that clubs such as AFC Wulfrunians have access to sustainable funding models to secure their long-term financial stability, so that they can continue to foster community relationships, increase local engagement and develop young talent within our communities?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the work he has done in supporting his local clubs.
Across all sports, Sport England invested over £57,000 in Wolverhampton West in 2023-24.
The Government are committed to continuing to support local clubs through investment in the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme, as well as through Sport England, which invests over £250 million of lottery and Government funding each year.
The Sport Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock) , was kind enough to meet me and Reading football club fans last year to discuss the urgent need for an independent football regulator.
Since then, the legislation has been held up in the other place by Conservative peers, and I was appalled to hear that the Leader of the Opposition sees an independent regulator as “a waste of money”.
Fans and staff in Reading will be able to tell the Secretary of State the importance of the need for a regulator, so will she visit the stadium in my constituency to meet them in person?
I would be delighted to support my hon.
Friend as she continues to fight the good fight for football fans in her constituency.
Like her, I was appalled by the Leader of the Opposition’s comments.
The independent football regulator began life under the last Government; it was in the Conservative manifesto, it was in our manifesto, and we were elected to deliver it on behalf of millions of football fans.
I very much hope that  the right hon.
Member for Daventry (Stuart Andrew)  will disassociate himself from the Leader of the Opposition’s appalling comments.
It is a serious matter that the Sport Minister has had to apologise to people running clubs in the most popular league in the world, after writing an article saying that critics of the football regulator were “promoting untruths”.
Will the Secretary of State now engage actively and constructively with the people running football, and explain why the Government have repeatedly rejected proposals in the other place to impose a growth duty on the regulator?
Both the Sport Minister and I meet every premier league club and Premier League executives on a regular basis, and we have a very constructive relationship with them, including on pursuing the Government’s No.
1 mission, which is to grow our  economy after 14 years of stagnant economic growth and decline.
I say gently to the hon.