It is estimated that only 3% of the 3.5 million British citizens abroad participated in the last general election.
What action can the Electoral Commission and my right hon.
and learned Friend take to ensure that people who are eligible to vote can do so in future general elections?
My hon.
Friend is right that more can always be done to ensure that all those eligible for the franchise, which now includes a substantial number of overseas voters, understand what they are entitled to, and that we offer them all the assistance we can to participate in the process.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
What progress the Church has made on appointing a new Archbishop of Canterbury.
The Crown Nominations Commission, chaired by Lord Evans, will oversee the appointment of  a new archbishop.
A public consultation is under way— I encourage all hon.
Members to submit their thoughts; they have until  28 March  to do so—and an announcement is expected before the end of the year.
Recent headlines about safeguarding failures have badly eroded trust in the Church.
The former Archbishop of Canterbury, with whom I have had the pleasure of working closely, resigned his position in recognition of that so that the Church could move forward.
I congratulate the Second Church Estates Commissioner on her powerful speech at the most recent Synod.
Does she agree that those selecting our next archbishop must not be implicated in safeguarding failures of any kind?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her fantastic and poignant question.
Historical and recent safeguarding failures have eroded trust in the Church.
To rebuild and restore that trust, the Church must show that it is serious about keeping people safe.
That must include holding to account those who are responsible for failures—no one, no matter how senior, can be above scrutiny and accountability.
I agree that those responsible for selecting the next archbishop must inspire confidence and trust, both among the public and among victims and survivors, who have been so badly let down.
Next Monday’s Adjournment debate will be on safeguarding in the Church of England.
There will also be a question and answer session on safeguarding with the Archbishop of York and other senior members of the Church.
I am pleased that that will take place, and I encourage hon.
Members from across the House to go along to those sessions.
The hon.
Member for Blaenau Gwent and Rhymney, representing the Restoration and Renewal Client Board, was asked—
What steps the client board is taking to engage with parliamentary staff on the restoration of the Palace of Westminster.
The restoration and renewal programme has engaged extensively with staff of both Houses.
There is a legal duty to do so under the Parliamentary Buildings (Restoration and Renewal) Act 2019.
In the past two years alone, the programme has held over 420 workshops with parliamentary subject experts, engaged over 1,200 staff in group briefings, and taken over 700 staff members on R&R tours of the palace.
That includes staff who work for Members, in addition to those who work for both Houses.
Enabling staff to engage is vital, and the programme team will continue to ensure that there are opportunities to do so.
I thank the hon.
Member for his answer.
As he says, there are 7,000 staff working here who support 650 Members of this House and 836 in the other place.
As he recognises, it is essential that the needs, wisdom and experience of the people who make  the estate a success are heard and fully considered.
Will he commit to continuing to run that full consultation and maximising efforts to do so in a way that will ensure the strongest attendance and the best engagement?
The hon.
Member makes an important point: the whole Westminster village needs to be engaged in this important topic, which affects all of our workplace.