I said earlier that the £85 million would apply across the whole of the UK.
I was wrong, of course—it is only England.
More money for us.
Four years ago, the StAnza poetry festival experienced difficulties bringing EU creatives over to perform in St Andrews, and those issues still exist.
I note the Secretary of State’s response to my hon.
Friend the Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson), but more than warm words are needed.
When will we see a timescale on improving the situation?
As the Secretary of State referred to, I had that conversation yesterday, and I think a lot of people in the European Union and Commission are keen to reset their relationship with the UK, in particular in this regard.
I will not name the European Minister, but when I sat down opposite him and asked, “What’s the most important thing I can do for you?”,
he replied, “Get me tickets for Oasis.”
I think it is very important that people are able to see our great musicians touring across the whole of Europe.
One thousand musical acts from Annie Lennox to Zero 7 have released an album of blank tracks, which is where they feel the text and data mining exception is leading.
Will my right hon.
and hon.
Friends look into this, so that Great British creativity is not replaced with AI butchery?
I think Kate Bush was running up that hill, too.
Look, the truth of the matter is, as I have said many times, that we will not progress in this area unless we are absolutely certain that we will secure more  licensing of content by British creatives, rather than less.
That is absolutely key to what would be success for us.
I hope that people will take us at face value on that.
Mr Speaker, I am afraid that I do not have a song title to go with this question. [ “
Oh, no!”]
Bath council’s spending on youth services has declined by 82% since 2010, according to a recent YMCA report.
With the cancellation of the National Citizen Service, can the Minister tell us whether the money will be reallocated to support new services in areas such as mine?
We were astonished when we took office back in July to discover that there was no national youth strategy to help shape and grip the challenges facing a generation.
We are determined to change that.
We have moved at pace to set up the youth steering group that is imminently launching a consultation.
It will be the biggest conversation that we have ever had with this nation’s young people.
We are also allocating more than £85 million-worth of capital funding to create welcoming spaces for young people through the new Better Youth Spaces fund.
I can assure the hon.
Lady that the young people remain our top priority.
rose—
Order!
Look, I cannot get people in.
I have all these people who wish to ask a question.
Football clubs are far more than 90 minutes of entertainment on match day; they are also powerful engines of community outreach, which provide a lifeline for vulnerable people.
In the Buckingham and Bletchley constituency, Milton Keynes Dons Sport and Education Trust offers a variety of programmes for those battling dementia or who have suffered from brain trauma or stroke.
Can the Secretary of State explain to the House how the Football Governance Bill will help the ability of clubs to continue providing those programmes?
May I say how grateful I am to my hon.
Friend for his support not just for his local club, but for the Football Governance Bill that this Government have introduced?
The Bill will ensure financial sustainability in the game, put fans back at the heart of decisions that are made about their own clubs, and ensure that fit and proper owners are in charge of these vital social assets.
Final question.