As I have said, it is brilliant if we can get lots of kids coming into theatres.
I want every single child, as part of their education, to be able to see live theatre and live music, because that is a part of what stirs their  creative opportunities in life.
Yes, we are looking at whether there are other ways of bringing in not only commercial money but philanthropic money to try to match-fund the funding that can come from government.
Whether her Department plans to commemorate the 75th anniversary of Formula 1.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Formula 1 and motor sport, the hon.
Member is a keen supporter of motor sport in the UK, and I pay tribute to him for all his work.
Last month, I met with Formula 1, and I congratulate it on its 75th anniversary.
Formula 1 is a world championship, but it is a predominantly British success story.
Would the best way for the Government to join its 75th anniversary celebrations not be to get behind the efforts of Susie Wolff and others to get more women into the sport, and to back the Hamilton Commission in getting more people from more diverse backgrounds to participate in motor sport at all levels?
I pay tribute again to the hon.
Gentleman for all his work.
The milestone provides an excellent opportunity to reflect on the sport’s long history in the UK and the huge contribution that it makes.
I echo and agree with his comments about diversity.
F1 also has a significant economic impact.
Seven out of 10 Formula 1 teams are based in the UK, collectively generating £1.9 billion in turnover in 2022.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Since the House last met, we have been delighted to announce £270 million of funding to breathe life into our arts, culture and heritage institutions across the country.
We have made significant progress on the Football Governance Bill in the other place, which is bringing hope to millions of football fans.
We are celebrating a wealth of British talent, from the BAFTAs to the Brits, and we will shortly announce the biggest national conversation with young people in every part of the country, which will inform the first national youth strategy in over a decade.
May I tempt the Minister on a voyage to a far-off island?
St Kilda is almost 50 miles off the coast of Lewis, and it comes within my constituency and within the Minister’s remit as one of those rare things, a UNESCO double world heritage site.
Will the Minister meet me and representatives of the Uig community in Lewis who want to build a global interpretation centre, a template for remote viewing these vulnerable sites?
The meeting could be here in Whitehall, in Uig in Lewis, or on St Kilda.
I would be absolutely delighted to come to St Kilda.
I think there are quite a lot of Members who would quite like to send me to St Kilda for a very prolonged period. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
It is nice to unite the House, isn’t it?
You’re so cruel!
My hon.
Friend makes a very important point.
The archipelago of St Kilda is unique.
Since the last 36 people left in 1930, it has been run by the National Trust.
As he says, it is a double UNESCO world heritage site and we want to ensure that we make the best of it—
It is topicals folks, thank you.
I call the shadow Minister.
At the end of last year, the Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport,  the hon.
Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock)  stated the importance of greyhound racing to the nation’s culture and economy, but last week Labour in Wales announced its intention to ban greyhound racing as soon as practicably possible.