and hon.
Members, but the staff who work for us in Portcullis House.
It is clear that it is no longer fit for purpose.
Can we have a further update from the House of Commons Commission on its work to make Portcullis House fit for the 21st century?
I am really glad that the hon.
Member has shone light on this important topic.
There is much wear and tear in Portcullis House.
On Tuesday of this week, the Administration Committee toured Portcullis House, looking at the nuts and the bolts holding the building together.
We have asked officers to please come forward with a plan of action for the Commission to consider, in order to improve services in that lovely building in both the short and long term and make it a much better place for us all to work in.
I will come back to him on his question.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
What recent estimate the Church has made of the contribution of its cathedrals to local economies.
The right hon.
Member is a true champion of cathedrals, and particularly the one in his constituency.
It was a pleasure to meet him to explore issues that he has raised.
Research by the Association of English Cathedrals has shown that cathedrals’ 9.5 million visitors contributed around £235 million in additional expenditure to cathedrals and local businesses.
I understand that Salisbury cathedral, in the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituency, featured in nearly nine in 10 visits by tourists to Salisbury.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her reply.
I want to make her aware of a cross-party group that has been set up in Parliament, supported by  the hon.
Member for St Albans (Daisy Cooper) ,  the hon.
Member for Chester North and Neston (Samantha Dixon) , and others who represent cathedral cities.
We want to help the Second Church Estates Commissioner by providing greater evidence of the economic contribution of cathedrals.
The first world war centenary cathedral repairs fund helped many cathedrals, including Salisbury.
I hope that she will consider making representations for the creation of something similar to support our cathedrals in future.
Nobody can deny that working cross-party is one of the best ways to get things done, so I am happy to support the right hon.
Member and others in their endeavours.
I am also happy to meet the group.
Newcastle’s beautiful cathedral is an important part of our economic life, as well as our cultural and religious life, but it receives very little funding from the Church of England and does not benefit from any significant endowments or property ownership, unlike other cathedrals.
With 80% of England’s cathedrals predicted to post budget deficits, what discussions has the Second Church Estates Commissioner had with the Church of England regarding the financial sustainability of cathedrals?
As I say, the Church of England meets regularly to look at the impact of costs on cathedrals, and I am happy to write to my hon.
Friend about the issue.
If the commissioners will have discussions with their counterparts in the Church of Scotland on support for places of worship with declining congregations.
The pastoral and closed churches department of the Church Commissioners has recently consulted with the Church of Scotland on the experience of managing parishes and small congregations.
Scotland’s Churches Trust estimates that the Church of Scotland could lose 30% of its churches in the coming years.
St Andrew’s in Clermiston in my constituency could be one of them.
It celebrated its 70th anniversary this year, but could face closure because of declining congregations and lower incomes.
That threatens a valuable community space that is particularly used by vulnerable and elderly people.
Can the Second Church Estates Commissioner outline how the Church of England could work with the Church of Scotland to share best practice on managing churches with smaller congregations to preserve those valuable community spaces?