I thank the Secretary of State for her statement.
We all agree that the BBC’s impartiality is imperative and that antisemitism is abhorrent, but is it not enough that we have stood by as 48,900 Gazans have been killed, including 17,400 Gazan children?
Is it not enough that we have stood by as 320 aid workers and 162 journalists have been killed?
Does the Secretary of State agree that children, and the narrator of this show specifically, cannot be held accountable for the actions of their parents, or is this just an extension of Netanyahu’s policy of collective punishment of the Gazan people?
Of course I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that children cannot be held responsible for relationships that they have but, to be clear, if the child in question is related to senior Hamas officials, that is important context for viewers to understand.
Not to inform the public about that context falls way short of the standards we would expect of our national broadcasters.
Can I also say to the hon.
Gentleman that we as a country have not stood aside while over 47,000 people have been killed in Gaza?
My right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary has made this his top priority—he has been in the region several times in recent months—and just a few weeks ago, my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Development announced £17 million in humanitarian funding for Gaza to ensure that we support its people.
Notwithstanding the very difficult decision that the Prime Minister announced at this Dispatch Box on Tuesday, we are committed to continuing to support the people of Gaza.
The days when people gained their news from the BBC and ITV are long gone.
We now have a whole range of media outlets, many of which do not have the same editorial standards as we expect from our national broadcaster, so does the Secretary of State agree that it is vital that we can trust our national broadcaster and that it maintains the highest possible standards?
The hon.
Member makes an important point, which I do not think anybody has made yet in this debate, which is that we expect more from the BBC, because it is our treasured national broadcaster.
There is a media landscape out there, and we have got to make sure that all our broadcasters meet the highest standards, especially when it comes to this conflict.
I thank the Minister for her answers to the urgent question.
The BBC has publicly funded status and therefore has an obligation to report impartially, but that has been called into question since the  7 October  atrocities.
Will the Minister act to hold the BBC cameraman and the staff accountable for their failings?
Furthermore, what measures will be introduced to ensure that the BBC’s editorial standards are raised to prevent the dissemination of misleading, biased and unverified content?
The hon.
Member will have heard that I raised a number of issues around this particular documentary and the reporting of this conflict more generally when I met the BBC director general.
I expect the highest possible standards.
I heard from the director general that he expects the highest possible standards as well and that the review will cover all the areas that the hon.
Member rightly raises.
I call the shadow Leader of the House.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker—[Interruption.]
Bad start.
Touché, Mr Speaker.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
I say to the gorgeous and brilliant Mr Speaker that I will.
The business for next week is as follows:
Monday 3 March —Remaining stages of the Finance Bill.
Tuesday 4 March —Consideration of an allocation of time motion, followed by all stages of the Church of Scotland (Lord High Commissioner) Bill.
Wednesday 5 March —Estimates day (first allotted day).