When it is aired by our national broadcaster, it is granted the legitimacy of our national broadcaster, and that is why these standards matter.
I will take away her suggestion about a publicly available translation guide, which might help to assuage some of the concerns raised by  the hon.
Member for Mid Buckinghamshire (Greg Smith) , and discuss that with the BBC.
Resolved,
That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before this House a Return of a Report, dated  27 February 2025 , entitled Creating a Safer World—the Challenge of Regulating Online Pornography.—(Vicky Foxcroft.)
The Secretary of State was asked—
If she will make an assessment of recent trends in the gross value added of the video games industry.
We recognise the recent challenges for the industry, and we are continuing our support with the video games expenditure credit, providing £5.5 million for the UK games fund next year.
The UK is home to some amazing companies and developers, and we want to continue to support them as they grow and develop world-leading games.
The Secretary of State is right: the video games industry is a great British success story.
It contributes £6 billion a year to our economy and 73,000 jobs, many of which are outside London, from Dundee to Brighton—it really is right across our nations.
However, there are growing concerns that the UK is losing its competitive edge.
Our tax relief rates have dropped below those of Ireland, France, Australia and Canada—all our biggest competitors in this sector.
What is the Secretary of State doing to really push the Treasury to ensure that our video games expenditure credits and everything else are up to date so that we retain our competitive edge in this vital sector?
The hon.
Lady will know that there has been a global slowdown in the video games industry as a whole.
That is one of the reasons why we have stepped up to provide additional support.
We always keep our tax relief regime under review and we are aware that  this is an intensely competitive area—not just in video games, but in film, TV and other areas.
The video games industry is part of a wider ecosystem that needs support, and we are determined to provide the fullest support we can so that our industry can thrive.
What steps her Department is taking to support the television industry in Wales.
I am glad to say that we have a thriving TV industry in Wales.
We have not only our own broadcaster, S4C, but phenomenal studios, including Dragon Studios just outside my constituency, where “Willow” was produced with the magnificent Warwick Davis.
And, above all, we have “Gavin and Stacey”.
I know that it is completely out of order, Mr Speaker, but can I say thank you to Dawn in the Tea Room, who is retiring today?
Diolch, Mr Llefarydd.
Only 41.9% of my constituency of Caerfyrddin has gigabit availability, compared with the UK average of 78.5%.
In fact, 2.6% of my constituency has very little broadband at all.
While more and more people use on-demand and internet-based TV services, many still have to rely on terrestrial TV to watch their favourite Welsh programmes.
Will the Minister support the TV industry in Wales and reassure viewers in my constituency that broadcast TV will remain available for them all to enjoy?
The series will be over.
I think it is a three-part series, Mr Speaker.
I commend the hon.
Lady on managing to get gigabit-capable broadband, which is my other responsibility as a Department for Science, Innovation and Technology Minister, into this session.
We are determined to try to make sure that across her constituency, everybody is able to take part in the digital future.
Incidentally, that is why we published a digital inclusion strategy yesterday, which I very much hope all Members will support.