Will the Church Commissioner join me and other colleagues in pressing the Chancellor to provide longer-term funding certainty?
The hon.
Member has raised this issue at Church Commissioner questions previously, and he is right to continue to do so.
Although the scheme is being extended until March 2026, we do not have a long-term plan or solution.
It is only right that the Government should set out their plans.
We know that in larger-scale projects costing over £125,000, not all the VAT can be returned.
It is important that the Department for Culture, Media and Sport comes up with a solution to ensure that the listed places of worship scheme can continue.
Holy Trinity church in Sunningdale has served the parish for 185 years.
It wants to build on that legacy with a community hub, complete with new facilities, including a volunteer-run café for the wider community.
The £25,000 cap on VAT relief may be enough to sustain smaller projects, but this one will cost well over £1 million; that means that another £250,000 in donations will be needed, which cannot stretch that far.
I understand that the Government are encouraging churches to apply for lottery funding, but Rev. Jon Hutchinson has raised the fact that the scope of that funding is too narrow to cover the project.
Will the Second Church Estates Commissioner meet me to discuss how we can get this project over the line?
The hon.
Member makes an important point, and raises an issue that affects many churches.
The £25,000 cap works for smaller projects, but it will not go far enough for larger projects, such as the one in his constituency.
The church that I attend, Holy Trinity in Clapham, is experiencing similar challenges.
I am happy to meet him.
The capping of the listed places of worship grant scheme has left many churches in physical ruin, such as the Belfrey in York, which will lose £1.5 million, even though it has done everything that was expected of it.
Clearly, we need to find a solution, and the suggestions from Government have been insufficient.
Will my hon.
Friend ensure that the Church Commissioners co-ordinate a meeting of all churches that are mid-project, to ensure that they can complete the works that they have undertaken?
I will take my hon.
Friend’s question back to see if we can set up a meeting.
As she highlighted, many churches will be missing out on vital funds to carry out necessary repairs, particularly those that have already started work.
If that work extends beyond the March 2026 deadline, they will not be able to reclaim any VAT.
It is important that we find a long-term solution.
I will be happy to take that forward.
The hon.
Member for Blaenau Gwent and Rhymney, representing the House of Commons Commission, was asked—
What steps the Commission is taking to ensure that Portcullis House is functioning effectively.
Officials are working to ensure that Portcullis House continues to function effectively.
Projects and maintenance are under way on heating, cooling and ventilation, and to upgrade equipment that is reaching the end of its life.
There is planned maintenance of toilets and will be more regular cleaning of them, and there will be refurbishment of lifts and escalators, and improvements to lighting and blinds in Members’ offices.
Work is also under way on a longer-term solution for the PCH roof.
Lifts that do not work, toilets that do not flush, taps that do not work, leaks in the roof, heating that leaves rooms either too hot or cold, and escalators that break down—by any standard, Portcullis House is not working as it should.
My concern is not for right hon.
and hon.
Members, but the staff who work for us in Portcullis House.
It is clear that it is no longer fit for purpose.