Each job in the creative sector creates two elsewhere in our local economy.
In my constituency of Loughborough, we are building the Generator, an arts and community hub, restoring a disused building to do so.
I could not be prouder of the people who have made that happen, including Jill Vincent, a local alderwoman and former councillor; Jonathan Hale; the late Kev Ryan; and many others.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating them on getting the project going, and will she come and visit me when the Generator opens later this year?
If she does come, I will buy her a pint— I have about 60 left on my tour.
Mr Speaker, you will know that I have never willingly turned down a pint, so my hon.
Friend tempts me with his offer.
I congratulate him on the work that he is doing to support cultural life in his constituency.
Last week, we announced the Arts Everywhere fund in memory of the legacy of Jennie Lee, who was the first ever Arts Minister; 60 years ago this year, she published the UK’s first ever arts White Paper.
We have provided £85 million for precisely the infrastructure that my hon.
Friend describes.
It was left to crumble under the last Government, but we are determined to support it.
I thank the Secretary of State for her earlier response.
This year, Bradford is the UK city of culture.
This is a fantastic opportunity to show off the  creative talent of our wider district, including the Shipley constituency, and it could be the springboard for unleashing the economic potential of our city and area, which for too long has been unrecognised.
Can the Secretary of State assure me that the Government will help to secure the legacy of Bradford 2025 and support our creative industries to fuel economic growth?
May I say to my hon.
Friend what a delight it was to visit her constituency with her, and to celebrate Bradford being the city of culture with Mayor Tracy Brabin and others recently in Bradford?
My hon.
Friend will know that we have committed £15 million for Bradford 2025.
As part of that, we expect 6,000 training opportunities and 6,500 jobs to be created.
I am sick and tired of seeing jobs created in parts of the country where children just down the road can no more dream of going to the moon than of getting those jobs.
That is why we are investing in young people and the next generation so that they can become the storytellers of the next chapter of this country.
In a statement released two months ago, the Government claimed that Bradford city of culture will generate £700 million of growth for the district by 2030, and that 6,500 new jobs will be created.
About £40 million of taxpayers’ money has already been allocated to Bradford city of culture.
Forty million pounds is, of course, the same as the financial black hole that Bradford council faces as it cuts services to children with special educational needs and sells off local assets.
The Centre for Cities says that the Government have massively overstated the economic benefit that being the city of culture brings.
In the interests of transparency, will the Secretary of State release the impact assessment that was made to reach the £700 million figure and the job growth that they say will be created?
As the hon.
Gentleman should know, the impact assessment was done under the last Government.
I am slightly confused: is he against the city of culture, or does he just think that Bradford does not have a full contribution to make to this country’s cultural life?
We believe in Bradford.
We believe in its people, its history, its heritage and what it can contribute to the UK in the future.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.