We believe in Bradford.
We believe in its people, its history, its heritage and what it can contribute to the UK in the future.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Much like Loughborough and Bradford, Chichester is a city that punches well above its weight with its creative and cultural offering.
Much of the local authority funding that supports organisations in my constituency—such as Chichester festival theatre, the Pallant House gallery and the Novium museum—comes via the district council.
Local government reorganisation puts such funding streams at risk, especially when combined with an authority that is struggling with the cost of, for example, social care and highways.
What will the Secretary of State do to ensure that these vital organisations are protected during this reorganisation?
We are in touch with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to ensure that we are absolutely joined up in our approach.
Earlier  this week, I met mayors from across the city regions and I also recently met the Local Government Association to ensure that every part of the country, including the hon.
Member’s incredible city, receives the full benefits of the work we are doing in government.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Artificial intelligence is a significant innovation, but our media and creators are innovators, too.
Almost the entirety of those in the creative sector say that Government proposals are not fit for purpose.
They would allow AI companies to scrape content without creators getting paid.
UKAI has said that Labour’s plans would damage public confidence in the AI industry and hinder the industry.
In that light, will the Secretary of State admit that the Government’s approach to AI and copyright is a mess and that Government proposals are not fit for purpose?
Is she as disappointed as I am that the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology admitted on the radio this morning that he has not even met those in the creative sectors?
I can tell the shadow Secretary of State that I and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rhondda and Ogmore (Chris Bryant) , who is also a joint Minister in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology, meet those in the creative industries regularly.
We are crystal clear that the creative industries have been powering the British economy for decades, and as our future economy moves towards high consumption, the creative industries will be even more critical to our future success.
I also say gently to the shadow Secretary of State that this is an issue his Government failed to grip for a long time.
We are delivering certainty through a copyright regime that provides creators with real control and transparency, and that helps them to license their content, while supporting AI developers to access high-quality material so that they can train leading AI models in the UK.
We are working with our fantastic creative industries to get that balance right.
We are not prepared to do what his Government did for 14 years, which was to leave this country with uncertainty, drift and low economic growth.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Touring performers contribute hugely to the creative industries, but, sadly, Best for Britain estimates that, since Brexit, the number of UK performers touring in the EU has fallen by a third.
Elton John and David Furnish back the Cut the Red Tape campaign, which asks for an exemption to the trade and co-operation agreement.
Touring performers are “still standing”, but they should not be asked to make a sacrifice imposed by the previous Government’s failed Brexit deal.
Will Ministers show me that they do not have “a cold, cold heart” by agreeing to meet me and representatives of the campaign, and will they promise me that it will not be “a long, long time” before touring performers get the support they deserve?
I am pleading with Ministers: “Don’t go breaking my heart”.