Gentleman for his careful and considered words on this.
In the last year I met with the British families of some of the children in Gaza and the stories are absolutely horrifying.
We have a duty to ensure that those stories are told, and that people can have confidence in what they are being told.
I thank the Secretary of State for getting to grips with this issue so quickly and acknowledging that what happened on  7 October  and what happened subsequently in Gaza is of huge significance; her understanding gives me hope.
Will she commit to coming back to this Chamber and updating us on the outcome of whatever happens with the BBC investigation?
I am happy to say to my hon.
Friend, who has a long-standing interest and has been a real champion for children in Gaza for many years, that  I will be more than happy to keep colleagues updated as this progresses and to update the whole House at the earliest opportunity.
I call the Chair of the Culture, Media and Sport Committee.
The BBC has definitely got questions to answer here, not just on the dealings over this film but on the wider concerns about the representation and reporting of the Gaza conflict.
As the Secretary of State said, Hamas are a proscribed terrorist organisation yet they are referred to as such in just 7.7% of instances of reporting by the BBC.
It took four days after broadcast for this programme to be taken off iPlayer, and at that point the BBC said there had to be further due diligence with the production company.
It is not the first time that the BBC has had issues with its due diligence, but in subject matters as sensitive and incendiary as this, language matters, and treating issues like this with detail, sensitivity and impartiality matters especially.
The BBC board is meeting today.
How confident is the Secretary of State that the board is providing the necessary challenge to executives to maintain that due diligence and to maintain the trust in the organisation?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right that the BBC board plays the critical role in ensuring that the BBC reaches the highest possible standards, which she and I, and indeed all Members of this House, expect.
They will have heard her words and mine loud and clear: we expect them to play that role.
They must do that, and part of my job is to hold them to account for what they do and do not do in relation to this.
I welcome this statement because I think it is important that we talk about our tone in public life.
I worry that sometimes the public outside the Chamber do not see this House as being the best arbiter of appropriate tone.
In fact, in recent days I have heard jokes about suicide, I have seen sexism and so much more.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we should lead from the front and set a good example in this House on how we police our own boundaries and language?
My hon.
Friend, as always, has taken care to strike the right tone, and I thank him very much for raising that. [
Interruption.]
Order.
The question was not relevant to what we are discussing; that is the problem.
I listened carefully to what the Secretary of State said and welcome her clear criticism of this documentary, but may I return to some of the—at best—mistranslation that happened during the documentary that my right hon.
Friend the shadow Secretary of State referenced?
Instances of the Arabic words for “Jews” were changed to “Israeli” and, possibly worst of all, one interviewee praised the Hamas leader for his “Jihad against the Jews”, yet the BBC translated that to “fighting Israeli forces”.