Friend for his support not just for his local club, but for the Football Governance Bill that this Government have introduced?
The Bill will ensure financial sustainability in the game, put fans back at the heart of decisions that are made about their own clubs, and ensure that fit and proper owners are in charge of these vital social assets.
Final question.
We heard about the financial crisis facing football earlier, but there is also one facing Rugby Football Union.
No one likes the RFU, not least because of the whopping bonuses that it hands out.
Can the Secretary of State please let me know what conversations she is having internally about the crisis facing English rugby in this country?
My hon.
Friend the sports Minister has recently met representatives from the Rugby Football Union.
We appreciate that there are serious challenges in this area and we are determined to grip them.
I am sorry, that is all that we can get in.
I suggest that Members get on to the Government, because I really think that, with so many people wanting to contribute, we need an hour for these questions.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
What assessment the Church of England has made of the contribution of rural parishes.
The Church of England has more than 10,000 churches in our towns and villages in rural areas.
In addition to their regular processes of prayer and worship, parish churches play an important role in the life of our rural communities.
In my constituency of Bridlington and The Wolds, rural parishes face huge financial pressures to maintain their historic church buildings.
Their costs often run into tens of thousands, yet they receive no funding from the Church of England or the Government.
The Church of England’s buildings comprise more than 50% of the country’s listed buildings, but all the money needed to maintain them has to be raised locally.
This maintenance will soon be beyond the ability of our local churches in rural areas, so will the hon.
Lady make representations to the Church of England to ensure that there is more financial support for local churches so that we save this wonderful part of our heritage?
I congratulate the hon.
Member on being a true champion for his constituency and also for the need for additional resources that will ensure that our churches can truly stand the test of time.
I shall certainly raise these issues and write to him about what steps he can take at a local level.
It is also worth pointing out that representing rural communities and dioceses, bishops do meet regularly on a quarterly basis to look at best practice and other ways that they can support their diocese better.
What discussions the Church has had with the Government on the extension of the listed places of worship grant scheme.
What assessment the Church has made of the potential implications for its policies of the level of funding available from the listed places of worship grant scheme in 2025-26.
As I set out in Church Commissioner questions in January, the listed places of worship scheme is an effective way to deliver transformational benefits to local communities.
The Government’s extension of  the scheme is very welcome, but there are a number of unanswered questions about the impact of the changes to the scheme.
The extension of the scheme will be welcome news to those involved with churches such as St Botolph’s in Aspley Guise in Mid Bedfordshire.
People there have told me of their concern about the lack of certainty for longer-term projects that may need support beyond 12 months.
Will the Church Commissioner join me and other colleagues in pressing the Chancellor to provide longer-term funding certainty?
The hon.
Member has raised this issue at Church Commissioner questions previously, and he is right to continue to do so.