Both the Sport Minister and I meet every premier league club and Premier League executives on a regular basis, and we have a very constructive relationship with them, including on pursuing the Government’s No.
1 mission, which is to grow our  economy after 14 years of stagnant economic growth and decline.
I say gently to the hon.
Gentleman that the Government are always happy to clarify who our comments are intended towards, as we were in this instance, but if he seriously thinks that it is acceptable for Conservative Front Benchers to extinguish the hope of millions of football fans who were made promises by his party that it never delivered on, he might want to explain that to football fans in his own constituency.
Women’s football clubs earn a small fraction of the revenue of men’s teams, so the financial gap between men’s and women’s football continues to be a barrier to growth.
After the fantastic performance by the Lionesses to beat the world champions Spain at Wembley last night, what steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that continued investment is available to make women’s sport more established, accessible and sustainable?
The Sport Minister has met the Football Association this week to discuss the women’s game and to promote the campaign to support women’s football.
We, like the hon.
Lady, have been absolutely inspired by the success of the Lionesses, but more importantly, it has inspired young girls in every part of this country to come forward and want to take part in football.
That is why we are investing in grassroots sports facilities to make sure that they get every bit as much opportunity not just to dream big, but to have a plan to get there.
What plans her Department has to increase access to grassroots multi-sport facilities.
What steps her Department is taking to help support grassroots sports clubs in London.
What steps her Department is taking to help support grassroots sports facilities.
This Government recognise the value and importance of grassroots sports clubs in London and across the country, and the role that their facilities play in getting people active.
Sport England invests more than £250 million of lottery and Government funding each year in the communities that need it most.
On top of that, our multi-sport grassroots facilities programme has invested £123 million across the UK this year.
Haverfordwest County AFC is a fantastic football club in the wonderful constituency of Mid and South Pembrokeshire.
The club works with local schools to facilitate football sessions for all pupils, and it provides a healthy breakfast and lunch for participants.
It also runs a fantastic walking football club.
Will the Minister outline what the Labour Government are doing to support the work of our brilliant local clubs, such as Haverfordwest County AFC, in making sport more accessible?
Will she join me in wishing Haverfordwest County the best of luck for the rest of the season?
First, I pay tribute to Haverfordwest County AFC and the many grassroots clubs across the country for their important work in making sport accessible to communities.
The Government are committed to continuing to support local clubs through investment in the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme.
I join my hon.
Friend in wishing Haverfordwest County AFC the very best of luck with the rest of the season.
My fantastic local football club, Sutton United, provides excellent opportunities in grassroots sports through its junior, women and disabled teams, and it even has a walking football club for those of us, Mr Speaker, who need a gentler pace of play.
However, it tells me that it desperately needs access to more training facilities to ensure there is year-round football for all players.
The training pitch the club uses in the local park is often waterlogged and unusable.
Will the Minister support Sutton United in securing a new all-weather pitch?