However, it tells me that it desperately needs access to more training facilities to ensure there is year-round football for all players.
The training pitch the club uses in the local park is often waterlogged and unusable.
Will the Minister support Sutton United in securing a new all-weather pitch?
Will she meet me and the club to discuss potential sources of funding to make that a reality?
Those are issues that I have heard in my own constituency.
I would be delighted to meet him and will perhaps set up a meeting with the Football Foundation too.
Last week, I met the fantastic Thorne Colliery club in my constituency of Doncaster East and the Isle of Axholme, which is working with the Football Foundation on potential investment for its pitch, which is based on the Moorends welfare site.
While that is a fantastic example of the support available for grassroots facilities, many clubs still face uncertainty due to governance and financial challenges.
Will the Minister outline what steps are being taken to ensure that football governance reforms provide greater security for grassroots clubs and the facilities that they rely on?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that local grassroots clubs have a crucial part to play in delivering wider societal benefits, fostering social cohesion and building a strong sense of local identity.
The Football Association is responsible for good governance at this level, and its new grassroots strategy, launched in the autumn, looks to set clubs up for success.
We should be supporting sports facilities across the United Kingdom.
The last Conservative Government provided the Scottish Football Association with more than £20 million to build and improve football facilities between 2021 and 2025.
Do the Government have any plans to invest further in grassroots football in Scotland?
I have outlined the funding that this Government are investing.
I look forward to visiting Scotland very soon, and I meet my counterpart there regularly.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
One year ago today, I announced that the Conservative Government were investing a further £120 million into the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme for that year, building on the £186 million we had already invested over three  years.
Today, the Minister has claimed that it is this Government who are making that same investment.
In reality, this Government are scrapping the £57 million opening school facilities programme, and uncertainty remains around more than half a billion pounds of funding from the primary school PE and sport premium, the holiday activities fund and the school games organiser network.
Will the Minister tell us what the Labour Government are actually doing to support grassroots sport?
As I have stated, £123 million has been invested across the UK this year.
That has led to the building or upgrading of 637 facilities to date.
What steps her Department has taken to help support creative industries in Loughborough constituency.
What steps her Department has taken to help support creative industries in Bradford.
The creative industries are one of the industrial strategy’s eight priority sectors, and they play a critical role in driving growth across the country.
In January, we named West Yorkshire as a creative industries priority region, with funding to be devolved to support growth in the region.
That is a sign of our belief in West Yorkshire and the role that it has played, and will continue to play, in the heritage, culture, arts and cultural life of our nation.
Local theatres, art centres and galleries enrich our lives and our local economies.
Each job in the creative sector creates two elsewhere in our local economy.
In my constituency of Loughborough, we are building the Generator, an arts and community hub, restoring a disused building to do so.
I could not be prouder of the people who have made that happen, including Jill Vincent, a local alderwoman and former councillor; Jonathan Hale; the late Kev Ryan; and many others.