I also reassure the hon.
Gentleman that in December I convened a roundtable with the Jewish community to discuss antisemitism in the arts and the creative industries more generally.
I was appalled by what I heard at that meeting, which was convened by Lord Mann and the Board of Deputies of British Jews.
We are working very closely together to stamp out the many unacceptable practices that we have seen creep not just into the BBC, but across broadcasting and the arts more generally since this appalling conflict began.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for her answer to the urgent question.
We all agree that the genuine inaccuracies and misrepresentations in this documentary, and in all reporting, must be addressed, and that steps must be taken to prevent them from reoccurring.
We also all agree that there is no place for antisemitism or any other racism anywhere.
The BBC has been accused by more than 100 of its staff of giving Israel favourable coverage in its reporting of the war on Gaza, and criticised for its lack of accurate, evidence-based journalism.
The letter, sent to the BBC’s director general and chief executive officer, said:
“Basic journalistic tenets have been lacking when it comes to holding Israel to account for its actions.”
Its signatories included more than 100 anonymous BBC staff and more than 200 people from the media industry.
The letter also said:
“The consequences of inadequate coverage are significant.
Every television report, article and radio interview that has failed to robustly challenge Israeli claims has systematically dehumanised Palestinians.”
What steps—
Order.
We have got to get to the question, please.
My apologies, Mr Speaker.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to investigate and address the unacceptable and biased anti-Palestinian and pro-Israel reporting by the BBC since  7 October , so that it can be trusted by those in this House and by the licence fee payers who fund its existence?
The views that the hon.
Gentleman has expressed show what a contested and difficult area this is to report on.
While this Government believe it is essential that we shine a spotlight on what is happening to people—particularly children—in Gaza, there is no excuse for antisemitism, or for the sorts of practices that have been alleged against the BBC in recent weeks in relation to this documentary.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s robust response from the Dispatch Box today, and thank her for it.
This is an egregious example, but the problem is the pattern of behaviour; for example, the BBC has spent £330,000 of taxpayers’ money on legal fees to cover up the 2004 Balen report into coverage of this conflict.
Does the Secretary of State agree that there are valid questions as to why the BBC has refused  to submit to an independent inquiry?
Does she agree that the findings of the Balen report have been suppressed, and will the Government urge the BBC to publish that report?
The hon.
Gentleman is right that there are valid questions to answer.
The BBC is a treasured national broadcaster; it plays an important role in our public life and, indeed, in the whole ecosystem of the creative industries in this country.
That is why we are determined to hold it to the highest possible standards, and we expect that it will do nothing less itself.
I thank the Secretary of State for her statement.
We all agree that the BBC’s impartiality is imperative and that antisemitism is abhorrent, but is it not enough that we have stood by as 48,900 Gazans have been killed, including 17,400 Gazan children?
Is it not enough that we have stood by as 320 aid workers and 162 journalists have been killed?