He will know that in the media interviews to which he referred, I made it crystal clear that the UK Government and I believe, and have believed for a long time, that Hamas is not only a proscribed terrorist organisation in the UK but a terrorist organisation, and we will continue to describe it as such.
He will also know that in one of those interviews I made it clear that I had requested a meeting with the director general of the BBC to discuss the matter.
“Of course, the BBC is not there as an instrument of Government.
Ministers seeking to interfere with editorial decisions or the day-to-day running of the organisation would be in nobody’s interests, in seeking to build the trust that is so fundamental to its core purpose.
”—[Official Report,  27 February 2024 ; Vol.
746, c. 103WH.]
Those are not my words but the words of the last media Minister,  the hon.
Member for Hornchurch and Upminster (Julia Lopez) , whom the right hon.
Gentleman served alongside.
He was a Minister in that Government.
The hon.
Lady is now the Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Leader of the Opposition.
If he disagrees with her, I suggest that he take that up with her, but this is far too important an issue to be treated as a political football.
Along with several other Members, I visited Israel and the occupied west bank last week, but there was no access to Gaza for us.
In fact, the closest we got to it was viewing the utter devastation of Gaza City through a telescope.
Over the last year during the war, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists, at least 162 Palestinian journalists have been killed in Gaza, and the BBC and other journalists have had no access to Gaza whatsoever.
Does the Secretary of State agree that that is as unacceptable as any attacks on the independence of the BBC?
Yes.
The duty to report on what is happening to people in Gaza is absolutely fundamental, and my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary has raised the issue of journalists, access and protection and safety a number of times.
That is why the Government believe that the BBC and others have the utmost duty to exercise care and due diligence in the way in which they report on this conflict.
It is in no one’s interests for the public not to have confidence in the information that they are receiving.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I commend the Secretary of State for her response to the urgent question; we agree with the position being taken.
I cannot imagine what it must be like to be a Palestinian child in Gaza.
In the first six months of the war alone, 2% of the child population was killed or injured, and tens of thousands more will have been orphaned or left homeless.
Given this humanitarian catastrophe, many in this House today will find it deeply disappointing that, due to errors made in the production of this documentary, we are instead discussing why it was pulled, rather than the pressing matter at hand.
Many of us will share the regret that we have ended up in this situation.
Clearly, innocent Palestinian children have suffered terribly over the past 16 months.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, regardless of today’s discussion, it is vital to shine an ongoing, credible and sustained spotlight on the plight of children in Gaza?
Yes, and I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his careful and considered words on this.
In the last year I met with the British families of some of the children in Gaza and the stories are absolutely horrifying.
We have a duty to ensure that those stories are told, and that people can have confidence in what they are being told.