Touring performers are “still standing”, but they should not be asked to make a sacrifice imposed by the previous Government’s failed Brexit deal.
Will Ministers show me that they do not have “a cold, cold heart” by agreeing to meet me and representatives of the campaign, and will they promise me that it will not be “a long, long time” before touring performers get the support they deserve?
I am pleading with Ministers: “Don’t go breaking my heart”.
All I can say is that the hon.
Member is lucky that I am answering this question, not my hon.
Friend the Member for Rhondda and Ogmore, or we  would be here for several hours.
My hon.
Friend met the EU commissioner on precisely this issue yesterday.
We firmly believe that closer co-operation with our friends and allies across the European Union is not just in our interests, but in their interests, and we are seeking closer agreement on this issue.
What steps her Department is taking to support small theatres and performing arts venues.
We are absolutely committed to supporting small and large theatres across the UK.
It is one reason why we have specifically announced capital funding, as the Secretary of State has said, of £85 million for theatre and other cultural infrastructure across the UK.
I thank the Minister for that response.
In my constituency, formerly represented by the great Jennie Lee, the council-owned theatre and museum are due to close in just two months’ time.
Passionate members of our community have come together to form the Cannock Chase Theatre Trust and the Chase Heritage CIC to save these precious venues.
Will the Minister join me in thanking those groups for all their efforts, and will he set out how the Government are supporting such community groups to take on culture and heritage venues at risk?
I commend my hon.
Friend and all those who have engaged as volunteers to try to take over the theatre and run it in an effective way.
I look forward to the first production; after all, “The play’s the thing”— I saw “Hamlet” last week, and “Richard II” twice.
The most important thing is that we try to ensure that young people have an opportunity to act and have a creative education in their school, and that there are local theatres and other venues where they are able to see really high-quality live entertainment, such as in the theatre he is talking about.
I am very happy to ensure that officials meet his volunteers.
On Monday, I met the director of Salisbury playhouse.
She warmly welcomed the £85 million creative foundations fund, which she thought would be highly applicable to Salisbury playhouse, one of the few producing theatres in the south-west.
She also told me about the 5,600 local children who were given subsidised tickets up to Christmas, and about her commitment to go out and raise funds from local investors in the arts.
Will the Minister ensure that the value of the £85 million is maximised by combining it with visionary leaders like Rosa Corbishley at Salisbury playhouse, who will go out and get more money for the arts in our community?
The right hon.
Gentleman used to be in the Treasury, so he is very good at making financial bids and I think he has just made a bid on behalf of Salisbury’s theatre.
We warmly commend the work it is doing.
As I have said, it is brilliant if we can get lots of kids coming into theatres.
I want every single child, as part of their education, to be able to see live theatre and live music, because that is a part of what stirs their  creative opportunities in life.
Yes, we are looking at whether there are other ways of bringing in not only commercial money but philanthropic money to try to match-fund the funding that can come from government.