It is a particular to tribute to the House that Members from every political party are raising these issues and ensuring that we continue to tell those stories.
Since the Hamas atrocities of  7 October , tens of thousands of Gazans have been killed by Israeli forces, and hundreds of thousands more have been subject to unimaginable suffering.
It is essential that their stories be told and it is unacceptable that the BBC should have chosen to tell them through those connected  to Hamas.
We understand that the BBC is not allowed into Gaza, so will the Secretary of State confirm where this programme was subcontracted and to whom?
On the issue of translation, does the BBC not have a translation guide?
Is that publicly available?
If not, should it be?
Finally, when Israeli Ministers and others call for the ethnic cleansing of Gaza or for the elimination of the Palestinian people, surely that must be reported in a way that highlights that that is illegal and the cause of immense distress to many in this country?
My hon.
Friend speaks powerfully about the careful use of language and the way in which we all have a responsibility to uphold the highest standards on that.
On her specific question, having had discussions with the BBC, I can confirm that this was not a BBC programme; it was commissioned by an external organisation.[Official Report,  4 March 2025 ; Vol.
763, c. 8WC.] (
Correction) That in no way absolves the BBC from the responsibility to undertake due diligence on a programme that it airs.
When it is aired by our national broadcaster, it is granted the legitimacy of our national broadcaster, and that is why these standards matter.
I will take away her suggestion about a publicly available translation guide, which might help to assuage some of the concerns raised by  the hon.
Member for Mid Buckinghamshire (Greg Smith) , and discuss that with the BBC.
It is essential that the editorial independence of the BBC is protected at home and abroad.
Will the Secretary of State tell the House whether she or anyone in her Department had contact, formally or informally, with the Israeli embassy about the documentary before it was pulled from iPlayer?
And will she say when contact was first made between her and the BBC, between the programme being airing and then being pulled from iPlayer?
No.
I thank the Secretary of State for her very clear statement.
The bigger picture that the Opposition are missing here is that the British media at large have greatly suffered from a lack of access in Gaza during the deadliest war on record for journalists.
My former colleagues have variously been denied entry and had unnecessarily prolonged and risky exits, and our Palestinian contributors have been stuck in a living nightmare.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that she continues to safeguard British media interests and their reporting abroad and work with Foreign Office colleagues to enlarge access for journalists in Gaza?
I am very happy to give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
As I said in answer to an earlier question, my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary has raised this issue, and he and I are working very closely together on it.
My hon.
Friend will be aware that the BBC World Service plays a critical role in ensuring that free and fair information is available all over the world, which is why we rightly expect the highest standards from the BBC.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s robust view on the BBC.
However, the problem is that the BBC does not refer to Hamas as a terrorist organisation, as it should.
Indeed, the problem is that David Collier, an investigative journalist, could  actually go through the documentary and identify all the errors that were made while sitting at his computer.