I call the shadow Minister.
At the end of last year, the Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport,  the hon.
Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock)  stated the importance of greyhound racing to the nation’s culture and economy, but last week Labour in Wales announced its intention to ban greyhound racing as soon as practicably possible.
Will the Secretary of State tell us who she agrees with, her Sport Minister or the Deputy First Minister, and will she make clear whether she is planning to ban greyhound racing across the UK?
I can answer the hon.
Gentleman’s question directly: I agree with the Sports Minister.
We have absolutely no plans whatsoever to ban greyhound racing.
We appreciate the joy it brings to many, many people in our country and the economic contribution it makes.
Dumbarton football club in my constituency is now in administration.
Founded in 1872, it is in the Scottish first division and is at the heart of our community in Dumbarton.
The club, players, staff, the Sons’ Supporters Trust and local businesses are all pulling together to keep our historic football club alive.
What help can the Minister and our Government offer to improve financial sustainability for lower league football clubs across the UK?
Having been through my own club, Wigan Athletic, going into administration in recent years, my heart absolutely goes out to my hon.
Friend and all the fans working together to try to save a social asset that means so much to people in the community.
I wish him every success.
He will know that sport is a devolved matter and that the football regulator will apply only to English clubs, but we will work with the Scottish Government on best practice to help, support and sustain clubs across the United Kingdom.
Unlike the previous Government, we seek a respectful and constructive relationship with the Scottish Government—we think that is in the interests of his constituents.
Swim England has an opportunity to allocate an underspend in the swimming pool support fund to project-ready pools such as Eastbourne Sovereign Centre, where I learned to swim.
However, it has said that the current policy of two interventions per site is preventing it from doing so.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss changing this policy before the fund expires this year, so that the Sovereign Centre is in with a shot?
We would be happy to look at the hon.
Gentleman’s specific case, if he wants to supply the Department with details.
The maximum of two interventions is an important principle to ensure that the maximum number of communities feels the benefit of the funding we are able to award.
He will know that the Sovereign Centre in Eastbourne has been awarded £91,000 in funding as part of phase 2 of our swimming pool support fund.
If he sends me the details, I will ensure that we take that seriously.
Alongside our theatre and museum, which I mentioned earlier, Cannock also has brilliant small music venues, such as The Station, all of which give our budding actors, museum curators and musicians a foot on the ladder.
However, we still long for the opportunities that are open to children in other parts of the country.
Will the Minister set out what discussions he has had with colleagues on routes into creative sectors for our young people?
Yesterday I met people from LIVE, and we are still very keen on trying to ensure that there is a levy on arena tickets to make provision for small music venues across the UK.
That is where most young people will have their first experience of live music.
We are determined to get there as soon as possible.
I would just like to correct the record, Mr Speaker.
I said earlier that the £85 million would apply across the whole of the UK.
I was wrong, of course—it is only England.
More money for us.