Will he commit to continuing to run that full consultation and maximising efforts to do so in a way that will ensure the strongest attendance and the best engagement?
The hon.
Member makes an important point: the whole Westminster village needs to be engaged in this important topic, which affects all of our workplace.
The best way that we can support staff in this building is to ensure that their health and safety is   paramount.
The three options that are being proposed have radically different health and safety implications.
When those options come to the House, will my hon.
Friend ensure that the health and safety information is categorically laid out, and can he confirm when the House will vote on those options?
Our timetable says that we remain on track to bring the proposals forward by the end of 2025.
Those proposals will detail costs, timescales, risks and benefits, and of course my hon.
Friend’s point about safety will be foremost in our minds.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State if she will make a statement on the coverage of Gaza by the BBC.
As the House will be aware, Hamas is a proscribed terrorist organisation in the UK.
It is my view and the view of this Government—I hope it is shared across the whole House—that Hamas is a terrorist organisation guilty of heinous acts of terrorism over many years, including the appalling terrorist and antisemitic attacks carried out on  7 October 2023 .
That is a position I set out clearly in public in the media this week.
That tragic day and the conflict that followed have had real-life impacts on communities across the UK, playing out on our streets and overseas, and every one of us has a duty to take the utmost care not to exacerbate the situation.
That is why I have discussed editorial guidelines with the BBC director general in recent days.
The BBC has clear editorial guidelines to report Hamas as a terror organisation proscribed by the UK Government.
That was its policy under the last Government, and that remains its policy now.
I held discussions with the BBC director general earlier this week at my request in order to seek urgent answers about the checks and due diligence that should have been carried out ahead of the screening of a recent documentary on Gaza, and about the commissioning, the payment and the use of licence fee payers’ money.
I also sought cast-iron assurances that no money paid has fallen into the hands of Hamas and that the utmost care was taken to ensure that that was the case.
I expect to be kept informed about the findings of the internal BBC investigation, and I will be happy to update  the right hon.
Member for Daventry (Stuart Andrew)  and colleagues across the House on its progress.
Across all the issues on which the BBC may report, the BBC’s operational and editorial independence from the Government is an important principle that we intend to uphold.
As a former Minister at the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, the right hon.
Member will be aware that it is for Ofcom as the independent regulator to ensure the BBC fulfils its obligations under the charter and broadcasting code.
Nevertheless, as I have set out publicly, it is essential that the BBC maintains the highest standards of reporting and governance, as the public rightly expect.
I have made those views clear to the BBC.
That is crucial to ensure that the BBC retains the confidence of the public.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for that answer.
The documentary “Gaza: How to Survive a Warzone” was broadcast by the BBC on  17 February .
It purported to show what everyday life was like for people in Gaza—a topic of huge sensitivity.