I therefore thank the Minister for the additional £200 million allocated to local authorities for pothole repairs.
Will he join me in praising Dudley Council’s new approach of moving away from traditional, reactive quick wins towards a proactive, high-quality structural maintenance service?
I certainly am delighted to praise Dudley Council for its new approach, spending that money wisely but also implementing preventative measures for the future.
Well planned road maintenance is essential, and on  4 October  the Prime Minister announced that Network North would include £8.3 billion for local highway maintenance right across the country.
The allocations of that cash will be announced very soon to help Dudley, but also every other council right across the country, to ensure it has the highest quality roads.
I am not quite sure that answer was as linked as it should have been.
The Government have said that every penny that would have been spent on HS2 will now be reinvested in local and regional transport infrastructure.
To be clear, and so that South Yorkshire can get organised, may I ask the Minister to confirm that the city region sustainable transport settlements round 2 uplift for South Yorkshire will be £543 million, and that he will work with the Mayor and others to maximise the benefit of that investment?
Yes, I can give the hon.
Gentleman that assurance.
It is indeed £543 million of extra funding for the South Yorkshire mayoral combined authority.
We have already had conversations with the South Yorkshire Mayor about the funding and his plans.
I and my team will continue to do so, and our officials will work with his to make sure we can deliver those plans.
With the global AI summit coming up next week in Milton Keynes, it seems topical to ask: what steps is the Department taking towards the regulation of autonomous pavement delivery robots?
Of course, I have visited the technology that my hon.
Friend is describing and seen it in action.
We must balance the safety of patients and vulnerable road users with the potential benefits of this new technology, but I am very pleased to confirm that the Department will be funding research to advance our understanding of the impacts of this technology.
The results will be published once the research has concluded.
Heavy goods vehicles cause a disproportionate number of cycling deaths.
To cut the number of deaths of cyclists by illegal freight operators in other places, will the Department look at the successful London scheme and encourage partnerships between local authorities, the Driving and Vehicle Standards Agency and police forces to address this problem?
I am always happy to look at measures to improve road safety, including the measure the hon.
Lady has suggested.
I regularly meet the head of the National Police Chiefs’ Council on this, as well as the police and crime commissioners’ lead.
We have already updated the highway code to put that priority of road users there, but I am happy to look at any measures we can implement to further this.
Nottinghamshire submitted a levelling-up fund bid for a new Toton link road, but narrowly missed out.
The project is desperately  needed to ease congestion and unlock the huge potential in my constituency of Broxtowe and our wider county.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss this £40 million, ready-to-go project, especially as the east midlands has the lowest amount per head spent per year on transport?
With the extra £1.5 billion in the CRSTS announcement coming to my hon.
Friend’s new mayoral combined authority, I am sure there will be plenty of opportunities to look at really important road schemes, but I would also be delighted to meet him as soon as possible.