738, c. 830.]
That is factually incorrect, and I hope that the record can be corrected as not all those affected have received interim payments.
A parent who lost a child or a child who lost a parent in the scandal has received no such interim payment, despite clear recommendations from Sir Brian Langstaff, the chair of the infected blood inquiry, that such payments should be extended immediately.
That confusion by the Prime Minister and his officials is deeply hurtful to those who are still waiting for the Government to respond to Sir Brian Langstaff’s second interim report on compensation published in April.
Sir Brian made it clear that the compensation scheme should be set up now and should begin work this year.
We are nearly in November, very close to the end of 2023, and there is still no clarity from the Government.
We have no idea what progress the Government have made on their work, despite being told repeatedly that it was at pace and they were working towards the original November deadline for the publication of the final report, which is now due out in March.
Surely they have some progress to report to the House.
The Government have also failed to explain why victims of the infected blood scandal are being treated differently from the victims of the Post Office Horizon scandal, who rightly have received compensation before the public inquiry into their scandal has concluded.
If the Government are determined to needlessly delay justice to victims of the infected blood scandal, that makes the need to extend interim payments to bereaved parents, children and siblings—as recommended by Sir Brian—even more critical.
The clue is in the word—they are interim payments, to be made before the final compensation payments.
That is why what the Prime Minister said yesterday is so wrong.
There has been not one word on whether the interim payments will be extended.
I wonder whether you might be able to assist me, Madam Deputy Speaker, in getting the Government to tell the House of Commons what they are doing in relation to Sir Brian’s final recommendations on compensation.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her point of order and for giving notice of it.
I know how hard she has campaigned on this issue and that it is a matter of concern to Members on all sides of the House.
She has raised a number of issues, some of which are ongoing and, I am sure, will be raised in other ways.
First, she said that she thought the Prime Minister had perhaps made an incorrect statement.
She will know that Mr Speaker is always very anxious that, if  any incorrect information has been said inadvertently, it should be corrected at the earliest opportunity.
She has also raised a number of issues about when the Government might come forward with further information.
Fortunately, we have the Leader of the House here, who was listening closely to the right hon.
Lady, and I think she wishes to respond.
Further to that point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I will be brief.
I am sure that, if there were business questions, the right hon.
Lady would have asked that question.
I thank her for the work that she and her all-party parliamentary group on haemophilia and contaminated blood have done.
The position that she set out is correct.
I was here yesterday, and I do not think that the Prime Minister sought to state that it was otherwise.
Given we do not have a business statement today, I will write to the Minister for the Cabinet Office and Paymaster General, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Horsham (Jeremy Quin) , on the specific issue of those affected who have not received interim compensation payments, to ask that he consider what she has said today and update her and the House at the earliest opportunity.