Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss this £40 million, ready-to-go project, especially as the east midlands has the lowest amount per head spent per year on transport?
With the extra £1.5 billion in the CRSTS announcement coming to my hon.
Friend’s new mayoral combined authority, I am sure there will be plenty of opportunities to look at really important road schemes, but I would also be delighted to meet him as soon as possible.
When a memorandum of understanding on HS2 to Scotland was agreed by the then Transport Secretary, Philip Hammond, HS2 planners claimed that reducing journey times between Scotland and London to three hours could boost passenger numbers by 4 million and increase rail’s share of passengers making that journey from 29% to 75%, reducing air travel emissions.
What is the Secretary of State’s new prediction for rail passenger numbers making that journey?
I will happily write to the hon.
Lady with the details she requires, but I restate that it comes down to choices.
The choice that this Government have made is to go forward with transport projects across the entirety of the country that can deliver faster and better benefits and that have a better business case.
That is why this decision has been made.
Does my right hon.
Friend think that people of the Jewish faith are safe on the London underground?
I have to tell him that many Jews in London do not feel safe.
Does he agree that London Underground employees who misuse Transport for London equipment to take part in intimidatory acts should not only be disciplined for gross misconduct, but considered for prosecution for causing harassment, alarm and distress under the Public Order Act 1986?
I am familiar with the case that my right hon.
and learned Friend raises.
I was in contact with British Transport police about it after seeing the disturbing footage at the weekend.
They have publicly said that a member of staff has been suspended, but he will understand that because the British Transport police are investigating whether a crime has been committed, it would not be right of me to go into details.
I hope he is reassured that the incident is being taken seriously by both British Transport police and London Underground, and that that will reassure both him and the Jewish community.
The huge importance of local bus services to communities such as mine in Blaydon has been emphasised by a dispute between Go North East and its employees.
I very much hope that a negotiated settlement can be reached quickly.
Is not the reality that we need better, more streamlined franchising models to give communities a greater say on their transport offer?
I am sure the hon.
Lady, my neighbour, welcomed the news yesterday evening that Go North East and Unite the union have managed to reach a  settlement in the north-east.
That is quite good news.
I am sure she will also welcome the £163.5 million that we have put into bus service improvement plans, which include the option to do bus franchising.
This Government have been happy to make that available to all local authorities.[Official Report,  7 November 2023 , Vol.
740, c. 1MC.]
The reopening of the Skipton to Colne railway line, which is about 11 miles of missing track, will be fundamental in linking Lancashire and Yorkshire back up.
Will the Minister consider progressing this line to the next phase of the rail network enhancements pipeline, which includes drawing up a full business case for reinstatement?
Will he meet me and Members including our right hon.
Friend  the Member for Pendle (Andrew Stephenson)  and our hon.
Friend  the Member for Burnley (Antony Higginbotham)  to discuss it further?
I would be pleased to meet my hon.
Friend and all right hon.
and hon.
Friends.