I pay credit to phs Group for its work countrywide.
I have invited the hon.
Member for Swansea East to come and speak at one of its offices in the south of Wales—I hope we can arrange that soon.
I pay tribute to all colleagues in the Chamber today, particularly the men in our role as champions, fighting side by side with the women to ensure that this topic is completely understood by as many people as possible, so that we can all provide the support that is so well deserved.
It is a pleasure to speak in this debate, with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bootle (Peter Dowd)  stepping in to lead it so ably, showing that menopause is not just a woman’s issue, but a health issue that affects more than half the population.
As such, it should be of concern to us all, as was so ably highlighted by  the hon.
Member for Walsall North (Eddie Hughes) , whom I am pleased to follow in this debate.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Swansea East (Carolyn Harris)  for all her hard work in this area, which is well known right across the House.
I congratulate her on securing this debate.
I am only sorry that she is unable to be in her place today, but I know how dedicated she is to this issue and I am sure that her important work will be reflected throughout the debate, because, as many of us know, there is no stopping her when she gets going.
This is a timely debate, which I will use as an opportunity to draw attention to the link between osteoporosis and the menopause.
The menopause is an important time for bone health.
When women reach the menopause, oestrogen levels decrease, which causes many women to develop symptoms, such as hot flushes and sweats.
The  decrease in oestrogen levels also causes loss of bone density, so the menopause is an important cause of osteoporosis.
While one in five men develop osteoporosis in their lifetime, half of all women over 50 will have to learn to live with it.
This summer, the all-party parliamentary group on osteoporosis and bone health, which I chair, has worked in partnership with the Royal Osteoporosis Society to run the Better Bones campaign.
Our campaign calls for a timely diagnosis for the 90,000 people—most of them women—who currently remain undiagnosed and untreated.
I am calling on the Government to introduce universal access to fracture liaison services, the world standard for fracture prevention.
We know that osteoporosis is one of the world’s most urgent health issues.
Seventy five per cent of 90,000 people missing out on anti-osteoporosis medication are women.
That is why the Fawcett Society and the British Menopause Society are among the many charities and organisations supporting the Better Bones campaign.