Will the Minister tell the people of Leeds why we should believe him this time?
I will take that as a welcome for the £2.5 billion commitment in Network North.
As the hon.
Member rightly says, Leeds would no longer be the largest city in Europe without a mass transit system.
What we are looking to do with the West Yorkshire Combined Authority is create a network of up to seven lines, which will eventually connect Leeds with Huddersfield, Wakefield, Bradford and Halifax.
Work is going on, because £200 million has already been committed.
I had a meeting with the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and the West Yorkshire Combined Authority to discuss the plans and proposals.
The combined authority is working at pace and we are going to fund it.
Nottinghamshire previously submitted a levelling-up bid for a new Toton link road but narrowly missed out.
The project—
Order.
One of us is going to have sit down, and it is not going to be me.
The question was on Leeds, unfortunately.
Is the hon.
Gentleman’s supplementary linked?
indicated dissent.
Right.
Let us move on.
What assessment has he made of the adequacy of progress on constructing the Western Rail Link to Heathrow.
The Government remain committed to improving rail access to Heathrow airport, and recognise the importance of the improved rail connectivity that a western rail link could provide.
We need to ensure that projects that we take forward reflect the changed shape of rail demand and are affordable.
I understand that, as a consequence, the promoters of a western rail link are updating their proposal.
You will be aware, Mr Speaker, that I have long championed a western rail link to Heathrow, which would connect 20% of the UK population to within one interchange of our nation’s main airport.
The Government committed to it over a decade ago, yet not a single spade has dug into the ground.
Sadly, the Government have more of a reputation for cancelling rail links than for building them.
Perhaps the rail Minister, who kindly met me recently about the issue, will have better news for us today.
What meetings has he had with Heathrow airport, Thames Valley chamber of commerce and other stakeholders to progress this vital 4 mile rail link between Slough and Heathrow?
May I first thank the former shadow rail Minister for the times that we had together?
It is true that he has been a champion of this project, and indeed pretty much every other rail project that I have gone to an all-party parliamentary group for, where he had already agreed to pre-fund it.
I assume that now he is a shadow Treasury Minister he might be cancelling some of his previous decisions in a bid for fiscal credibility.
This particular project was due to be funded 50:50, but things have changed post pandemic for Heathrow, so it is right that it goes back to the drawing board.
We will always support rail investments that can be paid for by private enterprise.
That is what our Network North project is all about.
What steps he is taking to improve rail services.
I regularly meet with Network Rail and train operators to discuss rail performance and services.
Twickenham has seen positive results.
In the past 12 weeks, an average of 88.1% of trains across the lines serving Twickenham have arrived within three minutes of the stated time.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
If we want to encourage more people to use our railways we need to ensure that our stations are properly staffed so that they are accessible and safe for all, and that all complex tickets can be purchased easily, yet the Government are backing South Western Railway’s plans to slash staffing hours at stations across my constituency, in some cases by up to 80% in very heavily used stations.