Member for Bootle (Peter Dowd) .
I was originally excited to see that  the hon.
Member for Swansea East (Carolyn Harris)  was going to be opening the debate, simply because her enthusiasm for this subject is contagious and draws people in, but he has done incredible justice to the opening of the debate.
It is marvellous to see a number of male colleagues in the Chamber.
I grew up in a house with five brothers and an Irish Catholic mother, and the word “menopause” would in no circumstances ever have crossed her lips.
I then went to an all-boys school and went on to do civil engineering at university.
There were no girls at my school and just two women on my civil engineering course, in the whole of the department, so my exposure to women was somewhat limited until I finally got off the building site and into a traditional workplace.
There I found that men whose experience was not as sheltered as mine had no greater knowledge or understanding of this topic, although I felt they had far less excuse.
So when my wife began to experience the symptoms of the menopause, originally neither she nor I, nor her GP, fully understood what was going on—certainly, menopause was not the initial diagnosis.
That highlighted for me how difficult and challenging it must be for some women: they present to their GP, the GP misdiagnoses or misunderstands their symptoms, and then the problem is protracted because the appropriate treatment is not identified quickly enough.
With an understanding of that and as an MP representing the good people of Willenhall, Bloxwich and Walsall North, it was important to me to engage as much as possible with people who could help.
We found a place for a menopause café—somewhere where women and men could come and sit down and talk about this topic, over a cup of tea and a slice of cake, in a relaxed  environment.
I think it is beholden on us, particularly male colleagues, in our role as MPs, to do everything we can to ensure that everybody is as well informed as possible.
As I said in my intervention, in our male roles as family members, friends and relatives, it is incredibly important for us to first understand the symptoms and the range of appropriate treatments available, so that we can fully provide the necessary support.
The hon.
Gentleman has mentioned families, groups and work colleagues.
Does he agree that women who go through early menopause may find it difficult to discuss the subject with their employers?
Those conversations need to be had, to ensure that women of any age are supported and enabled to engage fully in all aspects of their workplace instead of being excluded, perhaps unintentionally.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that intervention.
Given that my wife, myself and her GP did not fully understand what the symptoms were and at what age they could arise, it is completely understandable that an employer might be challenged in terms of providing such support.
That is why it is vital that we do our best to ensure that everybody is as well informed as possible, because, exactly as the hon.
Gentleman says, such symptoms might start to appear at any age, so it is important that their root cause is identified quickly and people can provide that support.
I am delighted to say that, now that my wife has a very senior role in her company, it is easier for her to drive that ethos throughout the company.
I pay credit to phs Group for its work countrywide.
I have invited the hon.
Member for Swansea East to come and speak at one of its offices in the south of Wales—I hope we can arrange that soon.