Last year, 16% of new cars and around 6% of new vans sold were fully electric.
To continue to support the uptake of zero-emission vehicles we are, as the House knows, introducing a world-leading zero-emission vehicle mandate.
That will support the future supply of zero-emission vehicles by setting a minimum percentage of manufacturers’ new car and van sales to be zero-emission each year from 2024.
I am delighted to say that this week we have laid the new public charge point regulations to facilitate charging for electric vehicles.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his answer.
As he knows, in South Derbyshire in the Toyota factory we have groundbreaking hydrogen technology, so I would ask, what is the Minister doing to ensure that the charging infrastructure is in place across rural areas, for both electric and hydrogen vehicles?
My hon.
Friend knows that the Government have supported the use of hydrogen in road vehicles for over a decade, including the installation of hydrogen refuelling infrastructure where there is sufficient demand.
I should also say that notably, Toyota recently announced the tremendous progress that it appears  to have made in commercialising solid-state batteries.
That is a very encouraging sign across the piece, not just for hydrogen but for electric.
We have already heard that the uptake of electric vehicles is closely linked to charging points.
When will the Government close the gap in charging costs between those who have the ability to charge at home and those who rely on a public charging point?
As the hon.
Lady knows, there is wide and differing experience across the charging network.
Many people are able to charge at home and many people are able to charge through the increasingly large public network.
The way in which electricity prices have changed has tended to dominate changes overall, but she will, I am sure, share my pleasure that the new charge point regulations mean that we can now have a much more competitive market for charging across all the different forms of infrastructure.
What steps he is taking to support bus services.
Using the savings from HS2, we will extend the £2 bus fare right across England until the end of December 2024.
This means that the Government have committed over £600 million to cap bus fares.
We have also announced that the Government will continue to provide increased financial support to community transport operators, to help them protect key services by uplifting their bus service operator grant by 60%.
I thank the Minister for that reply, and for his recent visit to Southend West.
He is very aware that last year, elderly residents were left stranded, literally overnight, when First Bus withdrew the No.
21 service, cutting them off from Southend Hospital, from Leigh Broadway and from many community groups.
Despite successfully working with First Bus to reroute the No.
3 bus, this is not good enough; it only runs once every two hours.
Will he meet me and First Bus to make sure that Southend City gets the best bus services possible?
I was delighted to visit my hon.
Friend, and also my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rochford and Southend East (Sir James Duddridge) .
I would be very happy to meet her and representatives from First Bus.
Her work to champion her constituents’ local transport needs is second to none.
I was delighted to see that that additional piece of bus funding of almost £1 million from central Government to Southend to help protect and enhance local bus services is going through, but I will happily meet her to see how we can best ensure that it is spent in a way that protects her residents.
It is not possible for people in Tamworth to reach Burton hospital by bus if they need to do so.