In the spirit of my hon.
Friend’s question, given that she has mentioned Christmas, I hope she is grateful for the early Christmas present from the Prime Minister of £1 billion to electrify the north Wales main line.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
We now know that High Speed 2 was billions of pounds over budget, Parliament may have been misled, and the Government are about to waste hundreds of millions more on the fire sale of the land.
Why, then, did the Prime Minister choose to dismantle the ministerial taskforce that was literally designed to oversee the cost and delivery of HS2 when he entered No.
10?
The Prime Minister made the right long-term decision to reinvest every penny saved from HS2 in the north and midlands back into transport projects across the north and midlands, which will benefit more people in more places more quickly.
I know this must be a difficult time for the hon.
Lady as her party leader,  the right hon.
and learned Member for Holborn and St Pancras (Keir Starmer) , casts her views aside, admitting that the Prime Minister was right and saying that he would follow his lead.
I can only thank the right hon.
and learned Member—I can only think he was disappointed that the Prime Minister did not go further and follow his suggestion of cancelling the station at Euston, given his long campaign against it.
Neither the Secretary of State nor the Prime Minister were paying attention, were they?
They have fatally undermined confidence in HS2 and its  delivery, which is why no one has confidence in Network North.
The Rail Minister failed to respond to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wythenshawe and Sale East (Mike Kane)  about the fact that dozens of projects in Network North are unfunded because they are valued in 2019 prices.
Will he publish the delivery plans and up-to-date costs, or can we all conclude that Network North is not worth the paper it is written on?
I am very surprised that the hon.
Lady is not welcoming the massive improvement Network North will make across the country, including for her own constituents.
I am shocked, Mr Speaker, that she is not taking this opportunity to welcome the electrification of the Hull to Sheffield line, the upgrade of the Sheffield to Leeds line, the electrification of the Hope Valley line or the reopening of the Don Valley line.
That is just on rail, the only mode of transport that the hon.
Lady ever raises with me; it is not to mention the £500 million—
Order.
Secretary of State, I am being generous, but such long questions and answers need to come earlier, not in topicals.
Some 75% of visitors to Bournemouth travel by car.
They are most welcome, particularly when they do not park on double yellow lines, but some are choosing to do so for a great day by the sea.
They are willing to pay the £35 charge, which obstructs local traffic and, indeed, the emergency services.
If someone parks on a double yellow in London, the charge is £65.
That is a real deterrent, so can the London charging rates for parking on yellow lines please be extended to Bournemouth?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his question.
I recently met with my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Bournemouth West (Sir Conor Burns)  and some members of the local council, and this issue is something I would be happy to discuss further with him.
I call Imran Hussain—not here.
By the time we next meet for Transport orals, it will have been more than three years since the Government consultation on pavement parking closed.
Are we ever going to see a Government response, or is it time that the Government came clean with disability groups and admitted that they have put this issue in the “too hard to do” pile?