I think you need an Adjournment debate.
I would welcome an Adjournment debate on South Yorkshire buses, if  the hon.
Member for Sheffield South East (Mr Betts)  were to put in for one.
I spoke to the Mayor of South Yorkshire just this week, and he said that the authority will need around £8 million next year to put back all the services that have been removed over the past few years.
In our Network North allocation, it is getting £67.8 million next year.
On top of that, he is getting another £3 million in BSIP funding next year.
With all the extra cash this Government are providing, he should be able to provide exactly what the hon.
Gentleman suggests.
That is in addition to the “Get Around for £2” fare scheme, which will benefit any of his constituents who can use a bus.
What comparative assessment he has made of the economic impact of Network North and the second phase of High Speed 2.
Before I answer this question, Mr Speaker, may I put on record, on behalf of the Government side of the House and myself, that I share your congratulations to Jim on his service so far and still to come.
It sounds like Quentin Letts was rather kinder to him than he often is to many of us.
As the cost of HS2 has increased, the relative benefits have dwindled.
Every penny of the £36 billion that would have been spent on phase 2 of HS2 will be reinvested into local infrastructure and transport schemes across the country, including £20 billion on projects across the north.
That investment will support thousands of new jobs, on top of the thousands already supported by the construction of phase 1 from Birmingham to London Euston.
We know how vital rail infrastructure is for economic growth, connectivity and inward investment.
Eighty-five per cent of the projects announced in Network North were previously promised, committed to or subject to approval.
If those projects have not been delivered in the 13 years that this rabble have had in government, why should my constituents trust that this is not a case of the north, yet again, having to choose and getting neither, while London gets HS1, HS2, Crossrail 1, Crossrail 2 and a fully integrated and Department for Transport-subsidised public transport system?
I think the hon.
Lady is missing the fact that every single penny that we are not spending on phase 2 of HS2 in the north is being—[Interruption.]
No, she raises a good point.
Every penny of what was going to be spent in the north is being spent in the north, and every single penny that was going to be spent in the midlands is being reinvested in the midlands.
It is the money that has been freed up from our more ambitious development project at Euston that will be spent in the rest of the country.
The north of England is getting exactly the same amount of money, it is just  being spent on transport projects that are better fitted to what people actually need, rather than phase 2 of HS2.
I call the Chair of the Transport Committee.
In a recent episode of the “Green Signals” podcast, the former chair of the Strategic Rail Authority, Sir Richard Bowker, claimed that no Government included in the business case for HS2 the economic value of additional passenger and freight services that would run on the classic lines, enabled by HS2.
May I ask my right hon.
Friend to investigate whether this is the case and, if it is, why it has not been properly evaluated?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
The phase 1 benefit-cost ratio process for HS2 captured some of the benefits of released capacity, including new demand for existing services.