More than 100 Members and others gathered for a photograph to mark and celebrate World Menopause Day.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Swansea East said she was not sure that visitors to Westminster Hall were ready to see so many women parliamentarians and others doing impromptu exercise squats.
However, she also said that, if it was a good enough location for Henry VIII to play real tennis, it was certainly good enough for a group of menopausal women to highlight the benefits of exercise to their physical health and mental wellbeing.
The fact that those influential women, grassroots campaigners and clinical experts were brought together in Parliament showed the world that Westminster was listening; but listening alone is not enough while women continue to suffer.
Listening will not help them get a diagnosis or access to treatment, or find the support they need.
That requires action, and on World Menopause Day the APPG, which is chaired by my hon.
Friend the Member for Swansea East, launched the menopause manifesto.
Based on evidence that the group gathered by speaking to those affected by the menopause and experts in the field, the manifesto sets out seven recommendations, which we are urging all parties to adopt in their own manifestos ahead of the next general election.
I cannot stress enough how important it is to the 13 million women in the UK who are currently perimenopausal or menopausal, and to all around them who are indirectly affected— the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  raised that point—to know that those in power will support them.
The first recommendation in the manifesto is for health checks.
Every time that is mentioned in conversation, people are genuinely surprised that it does not already happen.
Many will remember receiving, on turning 40—along with the cards, gifts and the good wishes—an invitation to a 40+ NHS health check.
Those “MOTs” monitor our weight and blood pressure, and are used to assess the risk of developing conditions such as diabetes, heart disease and strokes.
What they do not include for women, at present, are any questions about, advice on or reference to the menopause, which is at best a surprise and at worst quite shocking.
There is strong evidence showing that many women are accessing primary care and being treated for individual symptoms because neither they nor their clinicians are recognising the root cause of those symptoms—a point raised earlier by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Blaenau Gwent (Nick Smith) .
By raising awareness among medical professionals, who can, in turn, help to educate women at their 40-plus health checks, we can reduce the number of  extra visits that women make to surgeries and prevent further misdiagnosis and inaccurate prescribing.
We can also dramatically increase the number of women who get prompt and correct diagnoses and access to treatment pathways.
We know that this would save the NHS money in the long run.
Many healthcare providers are now starting to include menopause in their standard packages, having identified the fact that patients are being sent for appointments in secondary care for an array of symptoms that have not been correctly diagnosed as menopause.
By including menopause treatment as standard, they are reducing the cost to the NHS of these unnecessary appointments.
The second recommendation of the APPG’s manifesto is a national formulary for hormone replacement therapy.
Although HRT is not the answer for all women, millions across the country rely on this treatment to manage their symptoms.
We know that, in a 10-minute consultation, prescribers do not have the capacity to go searching for alternative treatments if a patient’s usual product is out of stock, and we have seen a supply shortage for many of these products.
A national formulary would resolve this issue, as all eligible products would be easily accessible on surgery systems, thus eliminating the postcode lottery and regional variations that women are currently experiencing.
The hon.