I beg to move,
That this House has considered the matter of the menopause.
I thank the Backbench Business Committee for granting my hon.
Friend  the Member for Swansea East (Carolyn Harris)  this important and timely debate in October, which is World Menopause Awareness Month.
Regrettably, she is unable to attend or open the debate, so she has asked me, as a member and the treasurer of the all-party parliamentary group on menopause, to open the debate in her place.
I am pleased and privileged to do so.
I hope to do justice to her work, and that of the APPG and its supporters in this vital area affecting the lives of millions of women.
The hon.
Gentleman says that this affects millions of women but, as the husband of a menopausal woman, I feel it is incredibly important that men, in their role as colleagues, friends or family members, have a deep understanding of the challenges of menopause, so that they can best support the women in their lives.
Does he agree?
The hon.
Member is absolutely spot on.
That is why the APPG is working across so many areas to develop people’s understanding of menopause—not just women but, importantly, men as well.
The days of whispering the word “menopause” and keeping the changes in women’s bodies a secret and just getting on with it, so to speak, are thankfully beginning to be a thing of the past.
The “Manifesto for Menopause” was launched last week at a celebratory breakfast in Parliament to mark World Menopause Day.
Alongside the publication of the group’s “Manifesto for Menopause”, the reception featured new findings from a recent survey by Menopause Mandate of over 2,000 women.
It found—it is important to get this into context—that 96% of menopausal women’s quality of life suffered as a result of their symptoms and almost 50% took over a year to realise that they might be peri or menopausal.
My hon.
Friend is making a great contribution.
Women have told me that, when they experience symptoms such as itchy skin, aching bones, depression and anxiety, their GPs advise them on how to treat those symptoms, although the cause could be the menopause.
Does he agree that extra training and support could help GPs to recognise menopause symptoms better, and could therefore help many women across the country?
That is a valid point and I shall be touching on it later.
According to the survey, only 12% of menopausal women were diagnosed by healthcare professionals, with a huge 60% discovering through their own research that they might be menopausal, and only 20% having had a positive GP experience.
Among working women, 64% said that the menopause had a negative impact on them, but only 29% of their employers had a menopause policy.
I commend the hon.
Gentleman for raising this issue.
It is a massive issue for my constituents and the personal experience through my own wife is very clear.
Given that 10% of women leave work during the menopause, saying that they feel and have felt unsupported and unable to continue—which really should not be the case—does he agree that there should be a greater obligation on businesses to help women?
That is another point that I will touch on later, but the hon.
Gentleman is spot on.
Anyone who happened to be in Westminster Hall on Wednesday last week will be able to testify to the work that the APPG has done.
More than 100 Members and others gathered for a photograph to mark and celebrate World Menopause Day.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Swansea East said she was not sure that visitors to Westminster Hall were ready to see so many women parliamentarians and others doing impromptu exercise squats.