Her work to champion her constituents’ local transport needs is second to none.
I was delighted to see that that additional piece of bus funding of almost £1 million from central Government to Southend to help protect and enhance local bus services is going through, but I will happily meet her to see how we can best ensure that it is spent in a way that protects her residents.
It is not possible for people in Tamworth to reach Burton hospital by bus if they need to do so.
Will the Government commit to supporting Labour’s take back control Bill, which will devolve the running of bus services to local authorities, so that bus routes that communities need can be delivered by the people who know where they are needed most?
I welcome the hon.
Lady to her place.
This Government have put in unprecedented amounts of support for bus services, including £150 million for the midlands and the north in the past week alone.
The Bus Services Act 2017, which we passed, allowed franchising to be expanded across the country.
It is this Government who are delivering on that greater reach for local authorities, whether it is via franchising or enhanced partnerships.
I urge her to speak to the county council in her region and try to get it to allocate some of that money to support local services.
This Government are putting in the money, but it is up to the local authorities to deliver.
I call the shadow Minister.
On Monday, the Government pledged to deliver 25 million more bus miles, but what they failed to tell the public was that this was just a drop in the ocean, compared with the 175 million bus miles that they have slashed over the past five years.
In fact, never before on record have bus routes fallen by as much as they have over the past year, and this from the same party that promised buses so frequent that we would not need a timetable.
Does this not show that, while the Tories and their broken bus system remain in place, communities will continue to see this record-breaking decline in the bus services on which they depend?
The hon.
Member does not seem to recognise the facts of the situation.
There have been huge amounts of extra cash going in, whether that is through the City Region Sustainable Transport Settlement that we are seeing right across the country—in some cases, that funding is being tripled for some local authorities—or the bus service improvement plan.
On the statistics that those on the Labour Front Bench trot out, the one they seem to forget is that, in Wales, bus services have declined by more than twice as much in terms of mileage than the rest of the country, and it does not have the “Get Around for £2” fare scheme or any of the other support that the Government in England are putting into services, because it is making the wrong decisions.
If he will take steps to establish a mass transit system in Leeds.
The Government’s Network North announcement included £2.5 billion of investment for the West Yorkshire mass transit system, building on the £200 million already provided to the West Yorkshire Combined Authority, which is developing the business case.
I look forward to reviewing that and bringing the benefits of mass transit to the West Yorkshire region.
Less than 40% of the population of Leeds can now reach the city centre by public transport within 30 minutes.
We have been promised and promised a public rail-based transport system by this Government for years, and yet we still remain the largest city in Europe without one.
Will the Minister tell the people of Leeds why we should believe him this time?
I will take that as a welcome for the £2.5 billion commitment in Network North.
As the hon.