The hon.
Gentleman had a number of things that he purported to suggest were facts.
Let me just pick one of them: the roll-out of EV charging.
That is absolutely on track according to the independent assessment from the National Infrastructure Commission.
The number of public charge points is up 43%.
As the  Minister of State, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Hereford and South Herefordshire (Jesse Norman)  set out, we have published and laid before the House the legislation to implement our zero-emission vehicle mandate, which gives the industry the confidence to invest in and roll out those charge points, to drive the roll-out of electric vehicles.
We are absolutely on track to do that, and I am surprised that the hon.
Gentleman does not welcome it.
What his policy is on delivery of a third runway at Heathrow Airport; and if he will make a statement.
As the House will know, Parliament has voted in principle to support a third runway at London Heathrow, but the Government have always been clear that that expansion remains a private sector project.
To go ahead, it would be required to meet strict criteria on air quality, noise and climate change, as well as being privately financed.
It is for any scheme promoter to decide when it submits a development consent order application as part of the statutory planning process.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
Regional airports such as Leeds Bradford have an important role to play in delivering the levelling-up agenda, with more point-to-point destinations.
However, does the Minister agree that to deliver true global connectivity, we need more slots from regional airports into our national hub, which will ultimately mean more tarmac on the ground at Heathrow?
I agree with my right hon.
Friend, who has enormous experience in this area, that regional airports are vital to the UK and support thousands of jobs across the regions, as well as acting as a gateway for international opportunities.
It nevertheless is the case that as Heathrow considers its expansion plans, it will need to decide when to take those forward, and when it does so, I hope it will bear the very important issue of regional connectivity in mind.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of progress on decarbonising road transport.
The UK has one of the most ambitious decarbonisation programmes of any country in the G7.
In March this year, the Government published a globally unprecedented level of detail on their plans to meet emission reduction commitments, including those from road transport.
The carbon budget delivery plan sets out the policies and quantified carbon reductions needed to meet carbon budgets 4 and 5 and the vast majority  of reductions needed to meet our commitments into  the 2030s.
On heavy goods vehicle road transport in particular, the start of the zero-emission road freight trials is welcome, but where is the low-carbon fuel strategy?
Such fuels can cut emissions by 80%.
The strategy will be crucial for shaping the investment plans of logistics companies, so why is it nearly a year late, and when are we going to see it?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising the issue of HGVs.
As he acknowledges, last week the Government announced the four winning projects of the £200 million zero-emission HGV and infrastructure competition, which will roll out 370 zero-emission HGVs and around 57 refuelling and electric charging sites.
This is part of a much broader strategy, which is about developing different fuel alternatives.
The technology continues to change very rapidly.
We have already heard some fascinating news about the development of solid-state batteries, and the Government are tracking and following all these developments closely.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I am still astonished at the Secretary of State’s claims that the English EV charging network is on track—absolutely no one thinks that in this country.