Friend and all right hon.
and hon.
Friends.
The Department has been working with Transport for the North, Lancashire County Council and the Skipton East Lancashire Rail Action Partnership campaign group to strengthen the case for reopening that line, but we will meet up and discuss that further.
In answer to  the hon.
Member for Sheffield South East (Mr Betts) , the bus Minister,  the hon.
Member for North West Durham (Mr Holden)  said that the Mayor of South Yorkshire had asked for £8 million to restore bus services.
In fact, the Mayor asked for £8 million to restore bus services to 2022 levels—so just restoring those cut in the past year.
Will the Minister take this opportunity to look again at the level of funding that South Yorkshire requires?
That is exactly what they said, and that is exactly what I said, too.
As I said, we are seeing not only £1.6 million this year, but £1.6 million next year, and almost £8 million on top of that, but that is to ignore the huge amount—half a billion pounds—of city region sustainable transport settlement funding going to South Yorkshire for this period, which will almost triple for the next period, too. [
Interruption.]
The hon.
Lady can shout at me from a sedentary position, but the truth is that she is just adopting our new position.
It is not really opposition anymore; it is just “adopt the Government’s position”, including on HS2.
When do Ministers anticipate being able to give LNER the go-ahead to extend the King’s Cross-Lincoln services through to Cleethorpes?
I am afraid I will have to give my hon.
Friend the answer that Ministers often have to give, which is that I hope to make an announcement shortly.
I also hope that when an announcement is made, he will be able to welcome it.
According to the Department’s own regulations, it should have reported on medical licences for fisherman this week, but it has not, so when will the Department publish the review?
More important, when will it start listening to fishermen, who are out of pocket, worried about their livelihoods and at risk of becoming uninsured?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising that question.
In fact, I met representatives of the National Federation of Fishermen’s Organisations just yesterday to talk through the issue in some detail.
We will be able to make some announcements on policy very shortly.
Obviously, I will keep the federation informed, as I will Members of the House.
My constituents very much value access to the travelcard scheme, which in particular enables visitors, friends and family to make the most of a trip to London.
They were concerned to hear the Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, announce his plans to abolish the travelcard.
They were equally puzzled to hear that the Mayor has now apparently intervened to save the scheme from his own plans.
Can my right hon.
Friend help me explain that conundrum to my constituents?
Like my hon.
Friend, I was surprised that, having proposed to cancel the travelcard scheme in the first place, the Mayor of London is now trying to take credit for cancelling his own cancellation.
From my point of view, those hon.
Members who so stridently raised concerns about the Mayor of London’s latest plans to increase costs for the travelling public and the Department of Transport officials who worked with Transport for London to find an alternative deserve the lion’s share of any credit.
I declare an interest in that I sold my house in North West Leicestershire to HS2 in 2015 for considerably less than I paid for it in 2011.
What does the Secretary of State make of the evidence given to the media by Andrew Bruce, the former head of land acquisitions for HS2, that people were short-changed and not given full value for their properties up and down the route?