Members who so stridently raised concerns about the Mayor of London’s latest plans to increase costs for the travelling public and the Department of Transport officials who worked with Transport for London to find an alternative deserve the lion’s share of any credit.
I declare an interest in that I sold my house in North West Leicestershire to HS2 in 2015 for considerably less than I paid for it in 2011.
What does the Secretary of State make of the evidence given to the media by Andrew Bruce, the former head of land acquisitions for HS2, that people were short-changed and not given full value for their properties up and down the route?
There are rules that specify how the safeguarded land will be returned.
Those who sold their property will be offered it back at the current market value.
We expect those matters to take place towards the   summer.
With regard to the hon.
Member’s allegations, I will discuss them further with him so that I am fully furnished of the case.
Last year, my constituent was having a drink with his son, having attended a Manchester City match, when his son was glassed in the face in an unprovoked attack.
The assault took place in a pub outside Manchester Piccadilly within the jurisdiction of British Transport police.
Since then, despite CCTV capturing a clear image of the suspect, no arrests have been made.
My constituent feels disappointed that the transport police have not got justice for his son, who suffered life- changing injuries.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss this distressing case and, more widely, to consider the remit and resourcing of British Transport police?
I am sorry to hear about that incident; it must have been incredibly distressing for my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
I will raise that case specifically with British Transport police, and I would be pleased to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss it further.
I call Dave Doogan for the final question.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
While the Tories get excited about “Get around for £2”, under 22s in Scotland get around for free, because their fares are funded by the Scottish Government in a strategic paradigm shift to get people modal-shifting over to public transport.
Will the English Government provide that same support to commuters in England, or are they too proud to follow Scotland’s lead?
The hon.
Gentleman could do well to recognise that fares in Scotland are up by over 10 % on an annualised basis, whereas in areas of England they are falling.
There is also no fare cap in Scotland for those over the age of 25, whereas my constituents—many of them in low-paid work or looking to go to work and get jobs—can get a £2 bus fare.
On a recent visit to Scotland, I saw people paying £8 or £9 to travel between some major towns.
Actually, the Scottish Government would do well to follow the English Government’s example.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
You have had notice of this.
In Prime Minister’s Question Time yesterday,  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh North and Leith (Deidre Brock)  asked the Prime Minister about compensation for those infected and affected by the contaminated blood scandal.
The Prime Minister responded:
“What I would say is that extensive work has been going on in Government for a long time, co-ordinated by the Minister for the Cabinet Office, as well as interim payments of £100,000 being made to those who were affected.
”—[Official Report,  25 October 2023 ; Vol.
738, c. 830.]
That is factually incorrect, and I hope that the record can be corrected as not all those affected have received interim payments.
A parent who lost a child or a child who lost a parent in the scandal has received no such interim payment, despite clear recommendations from Sir Brian Langstaff, the chair of the infected blood inquiry, that such payments should be extended immediately.