We had an issue with the contractor putting in a cost estimate that was about double what I would expect; that is why we have had to look anew, but I will very happily meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this further, and she has that commitment.
We will deliver it.
Can the Minister confirm that although HS2—or maybe HS1- and-a-quarter—is going no further than Birmingham, the HS2 trains will continue to run on the west coast  main line?
Is he aware of repeated reports that because the new trains are not designed for existing track, the high- speed trains to Glasgow will go slower than the existing trains on that line?
Can the Minister categorically assure the House that that is not the case, and tell us how much time will be cut from the train journey from Glasgow to Birmingham?
It comes down to choices.
We could have chosen to continue with HS2, which would not have delivered the value we need, with time overrunning, or we could have done as the Scottish National party did when it built two ferries at a shipyard that had been nationalised, going four times over budget and running seven years late.
Alternatively, we could have done as it did on the tram—described by the Edinburgh tram inquiry as a “litany of avoidable failures”.
When there are choices to be made, the SNP ploughs on regardless.
Open access passenger and freight train operators have recovered faster since the pandemic, experience higher staff morale with fewer strikes, provide better deals for passengers and cost taxpayers less too.
Over the next three to six months how many new open-access services does the Minister expect to see approved?
I thank my hon.
Friend for everything he does to push for more open access.
It is something the Secretary of State and I are keen to do.
I met this week with the Office of Rail and Road chief executive, our regulator, and we discussed what he can do to allow more open-access applications, and what we can do, and we then met with another bidder.
There is another service planned with regard to Wales on the western line, and there is also one in the offing that could work on CrossCountry, plus one for the channel tunnel.
I hope my hon.
Friend will keep on working with me.
We want to deliver them.
The Government’s mishandling of HS2 was and is absolutely staggering, but their attempt to pull the wool over northern eyes with Network North is a farce.
Does the Minister really believe the people of the north-east are falling for his fag-end fake network to nowhere?
I just do not accept that at all.
I gave a run through of a list of the £36 billion that is being put back into local projects, including £1.8 billion extra for the north-east.
That could, for example, be an option for the Leamside line to be reopened.
I would have thought that, rather than stating that none of this is going to happen, the hon.
Member would be holding us to account to make sure it does, and that she might actually support investment.
There will be as much investment—indeed, more—in all areas.[Official Report,  20 November 2023 , Vol.
741, c. 1MC.]
The fight against potholes is much like our own fight to  stay healthy: if we do nothing about it, we deteriorate faster.
I therefore thank the Minister for the additional £200 million allocated to local authorities for pothole repairs.
Will he join me in praising Dudley Council’s new approach of moving away from traditional, reactive quick wins towards a proactive, high-quality structural maintenance service?
I certainly am delighted to praise Dudley Council for its new approach, spending that money wisely but also implementing preventative measures for the future.