I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
The phase 1 benefit-cost ratio process for HS2 captured some of the benefits of released capacity, including new demand for existing services.
It did not include all the benefits from new services, but I know that the rail Minister will be happy to meet him to discuss that in more detail.
A new city centre station and a fast rail connection to Manchester are vital to unlocking Bradford’s economic potential, and I welcomed their inclusion in the Government’s Network North strategy.
However, the Prime Minister has since stated that many projects in the strategy are not final but illustrative.
So will the Minister confirm that this Government will, at long last, firmly commit to a new high-speed, high-capacity line, without interchanges, between Manchester and Bradford?
Yes, I can confirm that.
The day after the party conference I went to Bradford and met the leader of the council and the West Yorkshire Mayor to talk about our plans for the station at Bradford, their ambitious plans for the growth of Bradford and the new rail lines.
They very much welcomed the plans we have made.
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman does too, and it would be nice if the Opposition Front Benchers shared the same views as their party colleagues.
I welcome the almost £1 billion that Tees Valley will receive from Network North.
What advice can the Minister give me to ensure that Darlington secures the £160 million for the northern link road and £10 million for the North Road station?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion for transport schemes in his constituency and I welcome his recognition of the funding we have allocated to the Tees Valley Combined Authority under Network North.
I encourage him to raise the issue of those schemes with the combined authority, which will be able to use the money allocated to it to focus on the transport projects that matter most across the combined authority, particularly in his constituency.
I call the shadow Minister.
In June 2019, Ministers were reportedly told by the new chairman that HS2 was billions over budget and years behind schedule, yet as MPs in this House debated the Third  Reading of the High Speed Rail (West Midlands – Crewe) Bill on  15 July  none of that was made clear to parliamentarians.
Does the Secretary of State agree that if the true cost was hidden from Parliament, that would represent an outrageous breach of the ministerial code?
Will he say right now whether that was the case?
First, let me welcome the hon.
Gentleman to his position on the Opposition Front Bench.
Obviously, at the time he mentions I was not in the Government.
I am sure that all of my ministerial—[Interruption.]
If  the hon.
Member for Sheffield, Heeley (Louise Haigh)  would allow me to answer the question rather than chuntering from a sedentary position, that would be welcome.
As I say, I was not in the Government at that time, but I am sure that all of my ministerial colleagues, both past and present, are well aware of their responsibilities under the ministerial code and that they gave truthful answers to Parliament at the time.
I call the Scottish National party spokes- person.
Many of us question this Government’s moral compass, but the Network North plans give rise to concerns about their actual compass, with the provisions for Plymouth and Bristol.
The first recommendation in the “Union Connectivity Review” backed
“investing in the West Coast Main Line north of Crewe to properly use HS2 and its faster journey times and capacity to serve connectivity between Scotland and England”.
Yet Network North justifies continuing with HS2 phase 1
“as it provides the most effective solution to…constraints on the congested southern end of the West Coast Main Line”.