I was here yesterday, and I do not think that the Prime Minister sought to state that it was otherwise.
Given we do not have a business statement today, I will write to the Minister for the Cabinet Office and Paymaster General, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Horsham (Jeremy Quin) , on the specific issue of those affected who have not received interim compensation payments, to ask that he consider what she has said today and update her and the House at the earliest opportunity.
I would stress that the compensation study was set up to be concurrent with the inquiry, so that we could move swiftly to make amends for this appalling injustice.
I know, because I had meetings with my officials yesterday, that that is very much the view of the Minister.
He is determined to make progress on these things quickly and on the practical things that we can do in the interim.
The right hon.
Lady has my assurance on that.
My involvement is to ensure that, if any legislation is needed, we are ready to do that.
I reassure the House—and thank her for the opportunity to do so—that this Government, which set up the inquiry, are determined to ensure that all people infected and affected have justice.
I thank the Leader of the House for her statement.
I am sure that the right hon.
Lady will follow up and there will be some liaison about how to go forward.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I provided advance notice of it to Mr Speaker earlier.
A few days ago, The Sunday Times reported on its front page that a “Hamas fugitive” who
“‘ran the group’s terrorist operations in the West Bank’”
lives here in London.
Muhammad Qassem Sawalha is designated by Israel as a senior Hamas operative in Europe and accused of fleeing the country with fake documents.
He is now believed to hold UK citizenship.
Zaher Birawi lives in Barnet not far from Sawalha.
He was designated by Israel in 2013 as a senior Hamas operative in Europe.
He is listed as a trustee of a UK registered charity, Education Aid for Palestinians.
A publicly available video shows him hosting a 2019 event in London titled “Understanding Hamas”.
Two weeks ago, Hamas launched the deadliest terror attack the world has seen since 9/11.
This House rightly voted to proscribe Hamas in its entirety in November 2021.
It is therefore a serious national security risk for Hamas operatives to be living here in London, especially where at least one appears to have done so through the use of fake documents in obtaining British citizenship.
Madam Deputy Speaker, can you advise me on how I might raise this with the Government as a matter of great urgency and ask if you have had any indication of a Minister seeking to come to the House to provide an urgent update on this matter?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for notice of his point of order.
I hope that he will understand that I cannot comment on individual cases.
I have had no notice of a statement, but he has put the issue on the record and those on the Government Benches will have heard his point.
Ordered,
That, further to the Orders of  30 January  and  23 February 2023 , paragraphs (1) and (2) of the Order of  19 December 2022  relating to the appointment of Sir Roger Gale as Deputy Speaker and to the exercise of the functions of the Chairman of Ways and Means shall continue to have effect up to and including  31 March 2024 .—(Gagan Mohindra.)
I beg to move,
That this House has considered the matter of the menopause.
I thank the Backbench Business Committee for granting my hon.
Friend  the Member for Swansea East (Carolyn Harris)  this important and timely debate in October, which is World Menopause Awareness Month.