Friend the Member for Swansea East has noted previously, if a woman wants the third hormone, they have to pay for a private prescription.
The all-party group is calling for an evaluation of female-specific testosterone treatments, with a view to their being licensed by the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency.
In the sixth recommendation, we are calling for better funding for research into the potential links between menopause and other health conditions, as well as the varying experiences of women from different backgrounds and ethnicities—that is very important.
We know from the evidence that the APPG has received that those with conditions such as autism and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder can struggle more with their menopausal symptoms, and that those who have been treated for cancer often experience early menopause.
So it is vital that much more is done to better understand the different journeys that women from different backgrounds are experiencing.
In the past week, my hon.
Friend told me said that she had been lucky enough to visit two universities, one in London and the other in her own home city of Swansea.
Both are keen to do more to support their staff and to bridge the significant gaps in understanding around more complex menopause experiences.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman very much for the scene he is setting.
Small and micro-businesses are predominantly male-owned, so the issue for them is understanding how to put over the requests on behalf of ladies who are going through the menopause.
Does he feel that the Government and the Minister should take that on board as well, to ensure that those businesses have the relevant information and guidance to do that within the small workforce that they look after?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point and sets out an excellent idea.
I am sure that the Minister, as part of the expansion or integration of the manifesto, can take it on board.
As I was saying, my hon.
Friend was delighted that Swansea University announced last Friday that it would be introducing menopause into the curriculum for all of  its medical students, as well as launching a menopause clinic for staff and students.
I truly hope that it will be the first of many universities to do this.
Future policy in this area, and an improved women’s health strategy, will be possible only if more funding is dedicated to this vital research.
The seventh and final part of the manifesto calls for a review of the demand for specialist menopause care.
We need to look at existing provision, evaluate where increased secondary care is needed and assess other ways in which women could seek help.
That might, for example, include access to specialist nurses in primary care and pharmacists, to ease the demand on GPs.
That is another simple recommendation that would be easy to achieve, while having a significant impact on the care and support that women are able to access.
Nothing in the all-party group’s manifesto is difficult to achieve; no big contracts or big budgets are needed to make the changes that will significantly improve women’s experiences.
The only thing that is needed is a commitment to prioritise this area of women’s health.
We need a commitment to improve support, diagnosis and access to treatment for all those who need it.
Who would not want that?
I know that every Member of this House would want it.
We need a commitment to show the 51% of the population who will directly experience menopause that they matter—that they really matter.
It is an absolute pleasure to follow my good friend  the hon.
Member for Bootle (Peter Dowd) .
I was originally excited to see that  the hon.
Member for Swansea East (Carolyn Harris)  was going to be opening the debate, simply because her enthusiasm for this subject is contagious and draws people in, but he has done incredible justice to the opening of the debate.