I can give the hon.
Gentleman my assurance that we will work night and day to get more aid to those who desperately need it.
We expect our young folk to remain in education or training until they are 18, but many lack transport to get there.
Along with the amazing headteacher of Alston Moor Federation, Gill Jackson, I secured funding from the council to get her students to college, and pressed the council for a half-a-million-pound bursary scheme to extend youth travel more widely.
But we should not have to do this.
To secure equality of opportunity and true levelling up, will the Prime Minister look to mandate and support councils to provide post-16 transport, so that all our young people in towns, cities and rural areas can reach their next stage in life?
My hon.
Friend and the headteacher of Alston Moor Federation, Gill Jackson, have done a fantastic job in securing more funding.
I wish her well for what I believe is her upcoming retirement.
As my hon.
Friend knows, our school travel policy ensures that no child is prevented from accessing education by a lack of transport.
Not only do we have home-to-school travel policies, but the 16 to 19 bursary fund can be used to support young people with transport costs, and, more generally, we are taking action to keep bus fares capped at £2.
However, I will happily ensure that my hon.
Friend secures a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss his proposals further.
The Prime Minister will be aware of Unionist concerns about the need to remove the Irish sea border created by the protocol, which disrupts the UK’s internal market.
Will he bring forward legislation to amend the United Kingdom Internal Market Act 2020, and both guarantee and future-proof Northern Ireland’s unfettered access to the UK’s internal market in all scenarios?
I thank my right hon.
Friend.
I recognise the need to do more in this area, and I can confirm to him that the Government do stand ready to legislate to protect Northern Ireland’s integral place in the United Kingdom and the UK internal market, alongside an agreement to restore the Executive.
We can do this apace, and I know that my right hon.
Friend and his colleagues are working hard to achieve that.
Our NHS, our police officers and the most vulnerable in Northern Ireland need devolved government urgently, and I think it is incumbent on all of us to work to work day and night to help to achieve that.
Mr Speaker, 121 MPs from across the House signed  my open letter to supermarkets, asking to have a “Buy British” button online.
I am pleased to announced that last week Morrisons was the first supermarket to implement a “Buy British” tab.
This gives consumers the choice to have home-grown produce and also  supports our farmers.
Will the Prime Minister join my calls to other supermarkets to have the courage to make the change and follow suit?
This Government will always back our farmers, and I welcome the work of my hon.
Friend and the National Farmers Union on this issue.
We absolutely support calls for industry-led action on this topic, and I welcome the news of the “Buy British” button at Morrisons.
We will continue to encourage all retailers to do all they can to showcase the incredible food produced right here in the United Kingdom.
The marriage plans of thousands of couples were dashed last week by the sudden announcement of a big increase in the salary requirement for a spouse visa.
Can the Prime Minister give any reassurance to those with well-advanced marriage plans that now appear to have been scuppered, and to families already in the UK who need to extend their stay but who will not comply with the new rules?