I also thank the emergency services in her constituency.
My understanding is that Lancaster City Council, the Environment Agency, the UK Health Security Agency and the emergency services are working together to ensure that the health risks and environmental consequences are minimised, but I will ensure that the relevant Minister understands the absolute urgency of the issue the hon.
Lady has raised and make sure that she meets them as soon as possible.
Some dental practices are taking advantage of post-covid demand to take their NHS practices private, earning more money but leaving behind those most in need.
Training a dentist costs constituents in Broadland more than £300,000.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that if a dentist accepts public funding in order to qualify, they should be asked to commit to NHS dentistry for a number of years before going private?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
We are investing £3 billion in dentistry.
The NHS dentistry contract was reformed last year to improve access for patients, and around half of all treatment was delivered to non-paying adults and children.
The number of adults seen has gone up by 10% and the number of children seen has gone up by 15%, but my hon.
Friend is right that more needs to be done, which is why the Government will bring forward the dentistry recovery plan in due course.
There are 12 days until Christmas, and hundreds of families in Battersea are worried, not about being able to buy gifts for their children but about whether they can afford food and heat due to the Tory cost of living crisis.
This year, over 4,300 emergency food parcels have been provided in Battersea by the Wandsworth food bank, which has told me that it is bracing for the worst winter yet.
What is the Prime Minister doing to ensure that families do not go cold and hungry this Christmas?
We care deeply about making sure the most vulnerable in our society get the support they need through the winter, which is why we increased welfare by record amounts earlier this year.
We supplemented that with £900 in cost of living payments for the most vulnerable.
It is why we have provided energy bill support for those who need our help the most.
Pensioners in the hon.
Lady’s constituency and elsewhere will receive up to £300 alongside their winter fuel payment.
Indeed, that support will last not just   through the winter but into next year, because we are deeply committed to helping those who need it.
This Government have a track record of delivering that help.
The Prime Minister is rightly focused on taking long-term decisions to improve the lives of people in this country, so can I make a suggestion?
Our mental health legislation is 40 years old, and we made a manifesto commitment in 2017 and 2019 to reform the Mental Health Act 1983 because people with learning disabilities and autism who are sectioned under the Act are being kept in inappropriate accommodation for long periods.
People sectioned under the Act are not receiving the compassionate care they deserve and are, in a sense, criminalised.
They have their mental health condition re-stigmatised by the act of sectioning.
In the absence of a Bill in the King’s Speech, will the Prime Minister agree to meet me and other like-minded colleagues to discuss how we might take forward the reform of the Mental Health Act, because it simply is not fit for the 21st century?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue.
He is absolutely right about the work that needs to be done, and I am grateful to the Joint Committee on the Draft Mental Health Bill.
Our intention is to bring forward a Bill when parliamentary time allows.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend and other colleagues to discuss this.