It should be a watershed moment for defence to move beyond the long, shameful shadow of the past, and to say in the future, “We are deeply proud of our LGBT veterans.
We honour your service to our nation.
You are part of us.”
The previous Defence Secretary also said:
“We will be very happy to work with the Opposition…to discuss our thinking on the recommendations.
”—[Official Report,  19 July 2023 ; Vol.
736, c. 921-24.]
That has not happened.
The Minister confirmed today that the Government
“are accepting the intent behind all 49 of Lord Etherton’s recommendations.”
The previous Defence Secretary pointed out that the Government
“may deliver a number”
of those recommendations
“in different ways from that described in the report.
”—[Official Report,  19 July 2023 ; Vol.
736, c. 921.]
In his statement today, the Minister was not clear on that.
We welcome progress on handing back medals, on an armed forces veterans badge and on a national memorial, and we welcome the opening of registrations of interest for the restorative measures, but what action is the Minister taking to ensure that pensions are fully restored to those who were misinformed that their pension rights had been abolished, and to guarantee that those whose evidence of investigations was destroyed in 2010 do not lose out?
Will he fully involve Fighting With Pride and other veterans groups in developing the compensation scheme, and confirm that the scheme will make provision for the two main groups proposed by Fighting With Pride?
Is the financial provision of £50 million in the 2024 Ministry of Defence budget, and when does he aim to open up the scheme?
We cannot change the past, but we can act to make amends.
We can honour the service of our LGBT veterans.
We can take pride in the inspiration that they provide to future generations.
That is what they, and we across the House, have the right to expect from Ministers.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman.
I gently remind him that it was this Government who set up the Etherton review, and it is this Government who are carrying out the 49 recommendations.
I am proud of that.
He needs to be very careful: political parties should not throw stones, and I think that he would be the last to try to make party political points out of this subject matter.
To a large extent, I think that we have resisted that.
I said that a full debate would happen in the new year, but it must have the advantage of there being something meaningful to debate—namely, the financial elements, which I perceive to be the main point of likely controversy.
The right hon.
Gentleman made it clear that we are all in agreement with the general thrust of the review, so the controversy will be around how we structure the financial award.
I expect to be in a much better place in the new year to bring a suggestion to the House about how we might do that, having consulted others and observed the lessons of the past and experience in other countries.
However, the debate will not be confined to the finances.
I think that was implied by my use of the phrase “full debate”.
I hope that reassures him.
On intent, we have discussed before other ways of delivering the same outcome to the satisfaction of veterans.
For example, some veterans want a veterans badge that is different from the existing veterans badge; some do not.
We have therefore designed a ribbon, which I have seen the prototype for, and I think that is a compromise.
That is an example of how we might do things differently from the ways described by Lord Etherton.
Lord Etherton also talked about re-listing people on the Navy, Army and Air Force lists.