Labour will act to close the gap and to support disabled people by introducing disability pay gap reporting for large employers.
That is good for disabled people, good for business and good for our economy, so why will the Government not follow suit?
We are absolutely committed to supporting disabled people.
Frankly, we are very proud of our record: we have supported more than 1 million disabled people into work, hitting the target five years early, and we are rewiring our benefits system to give a renewed focus on what people can do rather than what they cannot, so that there are opportunities for people to improve their lives and get the pay that they want through their employment.
Disabled people are also being hit hard by the Conservative cost of living crisis that my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck)  referred to.
On average, the extra cost of disability is equivalent to 63% of household income before housing costs.
I would ask the Minister what discussions she has had with the Minister for disabled people about this important issue, but there is no Minister for disabled people.
Will she tell the House when one will be appointed?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising that point.
As she has rightly said, we should all aim to reduce the disability employment gap, and that remains our goal.
To answer her question, I am the lead on those matters for Equalities oral questions.
I am disappointed that I am not enough for her today, but I do lead on those matters for the Department.
All Department for Work and Pensions Ministers take responsibility across our portfolios for removing barriers to progress, and updates to ministerial appointments will be made under the usual process.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I reassure my hon.
Friend that she is more than enough for me.
There was a really worrying article in The Times a few days ago that talked about the invisibility of disabled people when making employment applications.
We know that disabled people are less likely to be in work and to take up opportunities for entrepreneurship.
Perhaps my hon.
Friend could highlight the important work she is doing as the Minister for social mobility to make sure that across Government, there is a real drive to help disabled people get the best opportunities to work.
I thank my right hon.
Friend and other hon.
Members for their interest in this area.
As the Minister responsible for social mobility, I am taking direct leadership on access to employment, particularly in respect of applications and recruitment that suit disabled people to get into work, because if we do not get them into work, they cannot progress.
That is why we have billions of pounds in our back to work plan, and why we are supporting vulnerable people by uprating benefits by 6.7% in April equally.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the effectiveness of the disability action plan.
The disability action plan’s accessible 12-week consultation closed on  6 October .
Since then, officials have been carefully considering all the consultation responses and working closely with other Government Departments.
We have led discussions with the cross-Government ministerial disability champions before we publish the final disability action plan.
Some 14 million people live with a disability.
They are statistically less likely to have a job or any qualifications or to own their own home, and sadly, their children are twice as likely to become victims of crime.
Will the Minister ensure that the disability action plan addresses all those issues?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his typical care in this area.
I assure him and the House that significant work is taking place across Government in those areas where disabled people have told us that their outcomes must be a priority, whether that is in education, employment or care.