He was a young man who had been in the Royal Navy for five years and was going to train to be an officer.
Along with three other young men, he was discharged for being gay.
All he had done was to have a civilian gay relationship, about which we had told his padre and his commanding officer, and it was sufficient to have him discharged.
We can try to undo the wrongs that were done to John Beckett and others at the time.
I know that John got another job afterwards, but can the Minister possibly believe it is right that someone who committed no crime—all he did was offend against the bigotry and prejudice of those who discharged him—will potentially have to suffer financially for the rest of his life for what was done to him?
Surely, when we come to look at compensation, the principle ought to be to not merely to rectify the hurt and the prejudice of the time, but to ensure that people do not lose out financially for the rest of their lives.
That is why Lord Etherton has made his recommendations on financial awards.
The structuring of that is yet to be determined, but I just want to manage expectations—as I suspect my Canadian counterparts managed the expectations of the Canadian community—about the quantum.
I do not want people to think that all that financial loss will be restored to them—it would be unwise of us to suggest that.
The hon.
Gentleman mentioned padres.
I hope that he reads the Government’s response to the report in full.
If he does, he will see that there is a specific section relating to chaplaincy, and contrition on the part of chaplaincy about how some of its practitioners behaved during that period, which I think did them no credit at all.
I am very sorry to hear the testimony that he has just given.
I encourage his constituent to engage with the front door that I am launching today.
I join others in thanking Lord Etherton and all those who took the brave step of sharing their experience with him to inform the review and all 49 recommendations.
Although significant work clearly needs to be done to follow through on those recommendations, will my right hon.
Friend consider how we can use this work to help parts of the world that are still facing up to this realisation?
They may need to do a wholesale piece of work to understand how they can change the way they deal with the LGBT community among their military personnel and veterans.
The change that we are seeing in the UK must not be stopped from happening elsewhere in the world.
None of us has a monopoly on this.
We are learning from the Canadian experience, and I expect others will learn from us.
Across the board, this country is looked up to as a purveyor of norms and values of the highest order.
When, for example, we train people from among our allies in how to conduct themselves, as is happening right now, those norms and values are inculcated, including this material.
In the late ’80s, I was very close to someone who suffered considerably as a result of this ban when she was thrown out of the Army for being a lesbian.
She had her  distinguished and lengthy period of military service cut short, she was humiliated in the process, and, initially, she found it hard to find employment commensurate with her skills and worth as a human being.
All that happened to her just because she was a woman who loved other women.
It was a ban based on sexual orientation—nothing more, nothing less.
Her loss, and that of others, includes pain and suffering, loss of earnings, loss of employability and loss of pension rights.