Where are the schools performing best in the United Kingdom?
It is in England.
Thanks to the reforms of this Conservative Government, they are rising up the league tables, giving our kids the start they need.
Where are they plummeting?
It is in Labour-run Wales.
The Prime Minister talks about children.
Nearly 140,000 children are going to be homeless this Christmas—more than ever before.
That is a shocking state of affairs, and it should shame the Government.
Instead of more social housing, house building is set to collapse.
Instead of banning no-fault evictions, thousands of families are at risk of homelessness.
Rather than indulging his Back Benchers swanning around in their  factions and their “star chambers” pretending to be members of the mafia, when will he get a grip and focus on the country?
Let us just look at the facts.
Rough sleeping in this country is down by 35% since its peak, thanks to the efforts of this Government.
There are hundreds of thousands fewer children in poverty today, thanks to this Government.
And when it comes to home building, again what did we do?
We have had the data just this last week: in the last year an almost record number of new homes were delivered, more than in any year under the last Labour Government.
One hundred and forty thousand children homeless this Christmas and the Prime Minister is utterly tone deaf.
The rise in homelessness shows how these Tory crises merge and grow and damage the country; families like the Bradys in Wiltshire, both parents working full time with two young children forced out of their home of 15 years by a no-fault eviction, now living in their van.
Or 11-year-old Liam Walker, homeless this Christmas.
He wrote a letter to Santa saying, “Please can I have a forever home?
I don’t want any new toys, I just want all my old toys out of storage.
I just want us to be happy again.”
If there is anything that could shame this Government into putting the country first, then it is surely this little boy.
If the right hon.
and learned Gentleman really cared about building homes—[Interruption.]
No, if he really cared about building homes—when there was an opportunity in this House to back our plans to reform defective EU laws to unlock 100,000 new homes, what did he do?
He went in front of the cameras and said one thing, and then he came in here and blocked it—typical shameless opportunism.
Is that really the Prime Minister’s Christmas message to Liam?
Cocooned in his party management breakfast, he just cannot see the—
Order.
Mr Cleverly, please.
It is Christmas.
I want a little bit of silence, and I am going to get it one way or another.
That applies to each side.
Cocooned in his party management breakfast, the Prime Minister just cannot see the country in front of him and what they have done.
I will finish by thanking hard-working families across Britain who kept our country going.
It has been an impossibly difficult year for so many.
I want to pay special tribute to our key workers, particularly those in emergency services and those serving abroad in our forces who, even at this time of year, are doing the vital work of protecting their country.
I wish everyone, including Members on the Conservative Benches, a very happy and peaceful new year.
Will the Prime Minister join me?
I think the right hon and learned Gentleman missed that I paid tribute to our emergency workers at the beginning of the session.
But let us see, because I think it is important.
He talked about working families.
Of course I want to make sure that we support working families, and that is what we are actually delivering.
All he has to offer them is borrowing £28 billion a year.
All that will do is push up their mortgage rates  and push up their taxes.