Friend will know full well that we cannot write a blank cheque.
It is just not possible to do that.
Lord Etherton came up with £50 million, which  is a significant amount of money.
He will have been mindful of other schemes, albeit not directly comparable, in this country and overseas.
That is why, I believe, the figure of £50 million was arrived at.
I thank the Minister for his statement.
Recommendation 16 of the report references pensions.
In his statement, he said that people can apply for pension that had been accrued, but some individuals will have expected a pension for longer service but been dismissed before they could accrue it.
Will that be taken into account, and will next of kin be able to access those pension benefits?
On the £50 million compensation, which is recommendation 28 of the report, I am a little lost to understand how that will be distributed.
If the Minister is going to come up with a scheme, I suggest that he looks at the Post Office Horizon compensation scheme, of which I have been on the advisory board for the last year, helping to develop it.
We are going to have to look at what elements are taken into account before we get to an accrued sum.
Setting up an advisory board or some steering group to work up the scheme would be a good idea—and let me say that I do not think £50 million will even touch the sides.
There is precedent for such a scheme, as I say—I hope the right hon.
Gentleman will be aware of the Canadian scheme—so we are not starting with a blank sheet of paper, and neither was Lord Etherton.
On pensions, it is important that those who thought they did not have an entitlement to pensions look again, because accrued pensions are accrued pensions and were not forfeit.
I take the right hon.
Gentleman’s point about pensions that might have been accrued after the point at which individuals left the service.
There is no way of restoring those pensions, and I hope he will understand that.
It would be incredibly difficult to do that, so I am not going to give him any encouragement that that will form any part of our deliberations in relation to the financial award.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on women in defence, and of the Defence Committee’s inquiry on women in the armed forces and female veterans, I wholeheartedly welcome the statement and thank Lord Etherton for his work.
However, I am also acutely aware of the strength of feeling on this matter, which disproportionately affected women, and on the ban on pregnancy in our armed forces.
Our armed forces still have pockets of misogyny, poor leadership and inappropriate behaviour, so will the Minister continue to commit to rooting that out so that we can have a better environment for our armed forces now and in the future?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend and predecessor.
I pay tribute to her for the work that she has done, not least in her report, which has been extraordinarily impactful.
I agree with her 100%: we need to root out misogyny wherever it is found in defence.
I hope she will accept that, thanks to her report and the work of others, we have taken significant strides in that direction.
On  9 May 1996 , I spoke in this House about the case of John Beckett, one of my constituents.
He was a young man who had been in the Royal Navy for five years and was going to train to be an officer.
Along with three other young men, he was discharged for being gay.
All he had done was to have a civilian gay relationship, about which we had told his padre and his commanding officer, and it was sufficient to have him discharged.