All that happened to her just because she was a woman who loved other women.
It was a ban based on sexual orientation—nothing more, nothing less.
Her loss, and that of others, includes pain and suffering, loss of earnings, loss of employability and loss of pension rights.
Any compensation scheme should seek to put them back in the position that they would have been in were it not for that homophobic ban.
Can the Minister confirm that all those heads of damages—pain and suffering, loss of earnings, loss of employability and loss of pension rights—will be taken into account in the compensation scheme?
The hon.
and learned Lady will be aware that, in the early 2000s, the MOD was taken to court by a significant number of people who had been maligned in the way she has described.
The MOD was found wanting and awards were made at that time.
I cannot give her the assurances that she seeks because the financial awards scheme—it is a financial awards scheme, not a compensation scheme—is still being worked through, but I hope that we will be able to come back to the House soon to describe at least the bare bones of what we have in mind.
May I thank my right hon.
Friend for his statement and for the tone in which he delivered it, and express my pleasure that there will be a memorial at the National Memorial Arboretum in my constituency?
What discussions has he had with colleagues in the Home Office regarding any convictions that there may have been for servicemen in connection with their military service and their sexual orientation?
My hon.
Friend will be aware of the disregards and pardons provisions in part 12 of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022.
They have the effect of expunging those offences, which are no longer offences.
That clearly applies to what we are debating today.
The answer to his question is that that expunging of material will be complete in relation to offences that are service offences and go outwith the civilian—then criminal—offences listed in part 12. [
Official Report,  8 January 2024 , Vol.
743, c. 2MC.]
My constituent worked for the Secret Intelligence Service between 1975 and 1984.
In 1984, he was offered a posting overseas, at which point he declared that he was gay, and he was then dismissed expressly because of his sexual orientation.
I thank Lord Etherton for the review and for meeting me to discuss this.
Clearly, the review does not cover my constituent, but he and others in his position do not even have the comfort of being able to go public at any point because of the nature of their employment.
Has the Minister spoken to colleagues in other parts of Government?
If not, will he undertake to do so, because this experience should not be prolonged for those in the secret element of service to this nation?
I am more than happy to discuss the details of that constituent’s concerns separately.
This is a review into the way in which Defence handled the matter between 1967 and 2000, and Lord Etherton’s  terms of reference were drawn up accordingly.
From what the hon.
Lady has just told me, I do not think that her constituent will be covered by the review, but I am more than happy to have a conversation.
I commend the Government for commissioning the review and thank Lord Etherton for such a thorough piece of work.
I also thank the Government for accepting all 49 of the recommendations—it is pretty unusual to accept all the recommendations, so the Government should be commended for that.
To follow on from the point made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lichfield (Michael Fabricant)  about the disregards—or “expunging”, as the Minister suggested—am I right in thinking that those who have had service convictions would need to apply?