We have therefore designed a ribbon, which I have seen the prototype for, and I think that is a compromise.
That is an example of how we might do things differently from the ways described by Lord Etherton.
Lord Etherton also talked about re-listing people on the Navy, Army and Air Force lists.
Those lists do not exist in the way they once did, but we can publish those names, if people want them published, via the London Gazette.
That is a further example of doing the same thing, but in a different way.
We debated pensions in the summer, when we last went round this particular buoy, so the right hon.
Gentleman will know that accrued pension rights remain.
However, some people were misled when they left the armed forces, and I strongly recommend that they refer to the guidance available on gov.uk.
The “LGBT veterans: support and next steps” page is very comprehensive and will take people through how they can apply for pensions if they are not currently drawing them.
Destroyed documents, as the right hon.
Gentleman will be aware, are impossible to rediscover.
However, there are tags attached to most of them that highlight the fact that material has been removed following the advice of the Association of Chief Police Officers in 2010, so there is a marker, at least, of why those pages are missing.
He will know too that ACPO made those recommendations for very good reasons at the time—namely, the desire of people who had been wronged to have reference to those wrongs expunged from their records.
I think that I have covered most of the right hon.
Gentleman’s points, but I want to be as comprehensive as I possibly can, so if I have missed anything out, I will be happy to write to him.
I welcome the Minister’s statement.
Last week, I met Fighting With Pride and one of my constituents, who I will not name because he has not given me permission to do so.
Three points came across in that meeting.
The first was the importance of testimonies.
He was a grown man who had been discharged in the 1980s and whose mother had received a letter from his commanding officer outing him as gay.
He was still traumatised and crying in my office last week.
This is about making sure that those testimonies are heard.
The second point was about having the debate on the Floor of the House and not farming it out to Westminster Hall.
Will the Minister make sure that the debate happens on the Floor of the House?
The third point was about financial redress.
I welcome the opportunity that my constituent will now have to feed in how he has been impacted—how he has lived a life alone, because he has carried that shame for all these years.
On behalf of my constituent and all the other LGBT servicemen and women who suffered in that way, I put it on the record that they want the opportunity to feed in their own stories so that the financial redress addresses the harm they suffered.
My right hon.
Friend is right that testimonies are vital.
Those testimonies will ultimately be lodged in the National Archives and they will be part of our national story.
I urge her to encourage her constituents to log on and provide their testimony—that is very important.
I can confirm that the debate will be on the Floor of the House and not in Westminster Hall.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I thank the Minister for advance sight of his statement.
In it he said:
“The treatment of those armed forces personnel perceived to be LGBT between 1967 and 2000 has long been a stain on the conscience of the nation.”
It has also been a stain on the conscience of this place, so I welcome his statement today and the work of Lord Etherton.