The RAF lost a courageous serviceperson in 1997 when it sacked Carl Austin-Behan.
Carl won the Royal Humane Society bronze medal for rescuing a pilot from a burning Hawk aircraft at RAF Chivenor.
Last September, an inquiry found that there had been accelerated enlistment for women and ethnic minority candidates in the RAF, which was found to be dubious and possibly in breach of the Equality Act 2010.
Clearly, we are not looking for that sort of overcorrection, but what assessment have the Government made of the legacy of the sackings of people such as Carl for recruiting the next generation of courageous gay service personnel?
Let me be absolutely clear: Defence wants people, regardless of their sex, gender, sexual orientation, ethnicity and social class.
We just want people with talent—that is the touchstone for recruitment into the Army, Navy and Air Force right now.
I do not care if people are gay; I welcome gay people serving side by side with everybody else.
Our history is full of examples of the most courageous individuals who served in uniform and were gay.
I am privileged to be an ambassador for Fighting With Pride, and I worked with the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs on this matter before he took up his role.
I pay tribute to Caroline and Craig in particular, as well as all the people they have been working with.
Fighting With Pride has welcomed the pace, positive intent and completeness of this process, but the next stage is a full debate in this Chamber to which Members can contribute.
I hope the Minister will listen to the representations he has heard today.
Finally, I put on record my concerns about the £50 million cap and the fact that the Minister has spoken about this being a financial award scheme, not a compensation scheme.
I think the Government are in the wrong place on that and that they will end up causing themselves more problems if they do not seek to compensate veterans who have lost livelihoods, careers and pensions through their mistreatment by Government.
I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s observations.
He may like to look up the Canadian scheme, which is a reasonable exemplar, although the circumstances are different.
It awarded 110 million Canadian dollars, and this morning a Canadian dollar was worth 58p, but that scheme covered a much broader scope and the population of Canada is smaller than that of the UK.
It covered police, the armed forces and  civil servants, so the scope was much wider.
Although the two are not directly comparable, the Canadian scheme does at least make us feel that we are in the right ballpark.
I am afraid I cannot give the hon.
Gentleman the commitment he is seeking, but I urge him to look closely at other schemes and certainly at the Canadian one, which is probably the closest comparator we have.
May I impress again on the Minister the importance of hearing LGBT veterans’ voices on the Floor of the House, just as it was important to hear the apology from the Prime Minister at the time?
I, too, want to share my concerns about the structure of the scheme that the Minister has talked about.
He has referred to a front door; can we have an assurance that that front door will remain open for as long as is needed?
Many of our LGBT veterans suffer great trauma and shame, and will be quite far away from that front door.
They will need support from trusted partners such as Fighting With Pride to get anywhere near it.
Yes, the front door will remain open, but a stakeholder pack will also be sent to all organisations that we know are interested, urging them to socialise it, which is vital.
I cannot emphasise enough that it is vital that those who believe they are eligible for some restorative action—in the first instance, non-financial—should register their interest.