I recall that he and I spoke about it when I was Chancellor, and I praise him for his work and   leadership on this issue in his local area.
I will make sure that the Chancellor does look at the business case.
My hon.
Friend will know that we have significantly increased funding for flood defences, to over £5 billion, protecting hundreds of thousands more homes, but if it is an interesting opportunity for the Chancellor, I am sure he will take that up.
What is worse: losing your WhatsApp messages as a tech bro, losing £11.8 billion to fraud as Chancellor, presiding over the biggest fall in living standards in our history, or desperately clinging on to power when you have become even more unpopular than Boris Johnson?
What matters to me is delivering for the British people, and that is exactly what we are doing.
For the final question, I call Theresa Villiers.
Given the appalling reports of sexual violence committed by Hamas on  7 October  and the risk that hostages could have that treatment inflicted on them as well, will the Prime Minister raise this issue in international forums so  that the international community demands, strongly, humanitarian access to hostages in Gaza?
The reports of sexual violence perpetrated by Hamas are deeply shocking.
We have raised our concerns with the United Nations a fortnight or so ago, and we are engaging with the Israeli Government to consider what further support we can provide.
More broadly, we continue to do everything we can to ensure that all hostages can return safely to their families, including the British hostages and those with links to the UK.
My right hon.
Friend can rest assured that the Foreign Secretary and I are working tirelessly to bring about their safe return.
With permission, I would like to set out the Government’s formal response to Lord Etherton’s LGBT veterans independent review.
The treatment of those armed forces personnel perceived to be LGBT between 1967 and 2000 has long been a stain on the conscience of the nation.
Last year, this Government asked Lord Etherton to conduct a review into the impact of the historic ban on homosexuality in Defence.
Following the call for evidence, the inquiry received 1,128 responses from those who were dismissed or discharged because of their sexual orientation; from those who felt compelled to resign, purchase their release from service or curtail their contracts because of the ban; and from those who, while not part of the LGBT community, witnessed the trauma of such antediluvian rules, as family members, colleagues or friends.
Etherton paints an unflinching picture of the most shocking treatment of gay members of our Defence community by an institutionally homophobic organisation.
Out of the blue, when applying to be a reservist in 1980, I was asked if I was gay.
Even then that struck me as hugely inappropriate, but that strong sense of impropriety, which has stayed with me for 43 years, pales into insignificance against the wall of hurt experienced by LGBT people in the course of their Defence journey, much of it evidenced by Terence Etherton.
Different members of the community have been impacted differently.
Yet, for each and every one, the repercussions were enduring, with the tentacles reaching into all dimensions of their lives since.
Sadly, we cannot turn back the clock, but we can apologise for decades of hurt.
That is what the Prime Minister did after Lord Etherton published his report in July and what the Defence Secretary and chiefs of service have done in their turn.
However, apologies alone are not enough.
Etherton demands more and we agree.
That is why the Government took steps to right historic wrongs, even before the report was published.
In 2021, we began handing back medals to anyone who had had them withheld or removed because of their sexuality.
Medals matter; they should never have been snatched away.