Our intention is to bring forward a Bill when parliamentary time allows.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend and other colleagues to discuss this.
I remind everyone that we are undertaking the largest expansion of mental health services in a generation, with £2.3 billion of extra funding by March 2024.
We are increasing capital investment in mental health urgent care centres and, under the long-term workforce plan, providing the largest expansion of the mental health workforce we have ever seen in this country.
Rather than the Government chaos that is dominating media headlines, much more important to the public, businesses and organisations is their deeply unsatisfactory day-to- day experience of engaging with this dysfunctional Administration.
As far as they can see, Britain is not working.
When is the Prime Minister going to get  a grip?
The most pressing issue facing families is the cost of living.
That is why this Government have delivered what we said, which was to halve inflation, and not only that; we are supplementing it with significant tax cuts, which will benefit working families from January—£450 for a typical person in work—demonstrating that we are absolutely on the side of hard-working families.
This Government are cutting their taxes.
Breast cancer survival rates have improved, but we need to go further on harder-to-reach cancers.
In Parliament this afternoon, there is a drop-in session on lobular breast cancer and the research we need.
Could my right hon.
Friend or his excellent new Secretary of State for Health and Social Care find time in their busy diaries to join us?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his work on this specific and important issue.
I am happy to tell him that I believe the Health Secretary is attending this afternoon’s event to hear more about that work.
I can assure him that we are focused on fighting cancer on all fronts: prevention, diagnosis, treatment, research and funding.
We are making good progress, but there is always more we can do.
I look forward to hearing from him after this afternoon’s event.
While the Home Secretary was in Rwanda signing his new treaty, his Department put out a contract to manage small boat arrivals until 2030, at a cost of £700 million to the taxpayer.
Does that not show that even the Home Office does not think the Minister’s plan will work?
That is a total mischaracterisation of what was put out, which was an advert, not a commitment.
I am glad that the hon.
Lady now cares about this issue—not something we have seen previously from Labour.
Our track record is clear: we have got the numbers of small boat arrivals down this year by over a third.
That is what we are doing about it.
The Labour party is voting against every measure that we have taken.
I chair the caucus of 38 Conservative Members of Parliament who have Britain’s longest river flowing through their constituencies, and we have presented a business case to the Chancellor for £500 million to try to manage the river holistically.
Our constituencies are now facing flooding every year, causing damage to our businesses and our communities.
This evening, I have an Adjournment debate on flooding of the River Severn.
Will the Prime Minister take an interest, because the business case shows a gross value added uplift for the west midlands of more than £100 billion if we can manage and tame Britain’s longest river?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that.
I recall that he and I spoke about it when I was Chancellor, and I praise him for his work and   leadership on this issue in his local area.
I will make sure that the Chancellor does look at the business case.
My hon.