Yesterday we heard of the tragic death of a young man on the Bibby Stockholm.
I know that the whole House will want to send our deepest condolences to his family and friends.
We must never let this happen again.
I would also like to mark the retirement of my colleague and friend Mark Drakeford, the First Minister of Wales.
Mark committed his life to public service and lives his values every day.
Quietly and patiently, Mark has been a titan of Labour and Welsh politics.
We thank him for his service and wish him well.
Christmas is a time of peace on earth and good will to all—has anyone told the Tory party?
Well, Christmas is also a time for families, and under the Conservatives we do have a record number of them.
At the beginning of the year, I set out some priorities that this Government would deliver for the British people, and over the course of the year we have inflation halved, the economy growing, debt falling, action on the longest waiters, the boats down by a third and, crucially, as we heard from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Buckingham (Greg Smith) , tax cuts coming to help working families in the new year.
The Prime Minister can spin it all he likes, but the whole country can see that, yet again, the Tory party is in meltdown and everyone else is paying the price.
He has kicked the can down the road, but in  the last week his MPs have said of him that he is “not capable enough”, he is “inexperienced”, he is “arrogant”, and he is “a really bad politician”—[Interruption.]
Government Members are shouting, but this is what they said.
Come on: who was it who said he is “a really bad politician”?
Hands up. [
Interruption.]
They are shouting.
Well, what about “inexperienced”—who was that?
Or—there have to be some hands for this—“he’s got to go”? [
Interruption.]
They are shy.
Apparently, the Prime Minister is holding a Christmas party next week—[Interruption.]
Order.
It is Christmas—[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]—but you might not want the Christmas present that I could give you.
Apparently, the Prime Minister is holding a Christmas party next week.
How is the invite list looking?
I thank the right hon.
and learned Gentleman for all the comments, but he should hear what they have to say about him. [
Interruption.]
Order.
Do you want to be the first one?
It is Christmas, and I am going to hear this.
My constituents are going to have a Christmas like everyone else, and they want to know whether their Christmas is going to be affected, so I want less of it from all sides.
Government Members have obviously found the donkey for their nativity—the search for three wise men might take a little longer.
While they fight among themselves, there is a country out here that is not being governed, where more than 100,000 people are paying hundreds more a month on their mortgages.
Energy bills are going back up in January.
The economy is shrinking again.
NHS waiting lists are at an all-time high.
Does the Prime Minister not think that the Government would be better off fixing the messes they have already made, rather than scrambling to create new ones?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about governing, but he spent his first two questions talking about political tittle-tattle.
What a joke.
Let us get on to the substance.
He mentioned those things.
What is the news we have just heard in the last week?
What is the most important thing?
The most important thing is education, because that is how we spread opportunity in our country.
What have we learned?
Where are the schools performing best in the United Kingdom?
It is in England.
Thanks to the reforms of this Conservative Government, they are rising up the league tables, giving our kids the start they need.