There is so much we can say—I know we are running out of time, Mr Speaker, so perhaps the hon.
Lady would like me to write to her.
One thing that can militate against socioeconomic equality, particularly for the elderly and most vulnerable, is access to care staff.
The rate of remuneration is 61p per mile, going down to 25p per mile after the first 3,500 miles, and those figures have not been revised upwards since 2011.
It means that wonderful people in my constituency are very often losing money travelling about, and that does not do much for recruitment either.
Will the Minister agree to talk to the Treasury and the Scottish Government about doing something about that?
I am sure that colleagues in the appropriate Department will have heard the hon.
Gentleman’s question and will be able to provide a more detailed response.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
In my last topical statement, I spoke about the unacceptable rise in antisemitism and hostility towards the Jewish community since  7 October , and I am updating the House on what further action I can take to promote social cohesion.
The Equality Act 2010 is a shield against discrimination, and the public sector equality duty is part of that shield.
It is particularly important that all public authorities take the duty seriously.
To ensure that they understand how to comply with the duty, I will be publishing updated guidance shortly.
I will then write to leaders of public authorities that have a key role in promoting social cohesion, to show how they can foster good relations, promote equality of opportunity and eliminate unlawful discrimination.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
As the Women’s Budget Group has rightly pointed out, women are more reliant on benefits, due to care-giving roles, and they have been disproportionately impacted by regressive social security changes since 2010.
What consideration has the Minister given to the abolition of the poverty-inducing benefit cap and the hated two-child limit, to prevent further poverty and destitution among women and children, and will she raise that matter with her Cabinet colleagues?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we disagree with the propositions that he has set out, and we have said so time and again at this Dispatch Box.
We believe that the two-child policy is important.
We know that there is a cost of living crisis caused by rising energy costs and the war in Ukraine, which was caused by Russia.
The Government are doing everything we can to limit the impact on households.
A Museum of London report has bizarrely concluded that black people were more likely to die from medieval plague.
Will the Minister for Women and Equalities ensure that such sensationalist research findings and woke archaeology have no impact at all on current health and pandemic policy?
I do agree.
I am not even sure whether we can call it just sensationalist or woke.
The research apparently was based on phrenology, which is a completely discredited type of science.
I agree with my hon.
Friend that this type of research is damaging to trust, to social cohesion and even to trust in health services.
I have written to the director of the Museum of London to express my concern.
I call the Opposition spokesperson.
In 2020, women’s life expectancy in the poorest parts of the UK was almost 19 years shorter than those in the most affluent.
Thirteen years ago, Labour introduced a socioeconomic duty in the Equality Act 2010 to make the NHS and other public bodies tackle this gap.
Why have Ministers failed to implement it?
The hon.
Lady is right that the socioeconomic duty she references is not commenced in England.
It is in Scotland, however, and the figures are worse there, which shows that the duty is not the solution to the problems she raises.