Of course I want to make sure that we support working families, and that is what we are actually delivering.
All he has to offer them is borrowing £28 billion a year.
All that will do is push up their mortgage rates  and push up their taxes.
Meanwhile, what have we done?
We have delivered tax cuts for millions of working families, boosted the national living wage, recruited 50,000 more nurses and 20,000 more police officers, improved our schools, cut the cost of net zero for working families, cut the boat crossings by a third and halved inflation.
That is the difference: we are getting on and delivering for working Britain.
As the world struggles to agree the future of the 1.5° commitment, in Wimbledon we are keen to do our bit.
To help my campaign to make electric vehicle charging access more widespread, can I ask my right hon.
Friend for two early Christmas presents?
Will he speak to our right hon.
Friend the Chancellor to ask him to look again at the unfair differential rates of VAT on public and private charging points?
Will he ask our right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to look at the byelaws that stop local councils making on-street parking and charging more accessible?
I am happy to tell my hon.
Friend that the Chancellor has already authorised more than £2 billion of investment to support our transition to zero-emission vehicles, and that we are well on track to reach our target of 300,000 charge points by 2030.
I can also tell him that we will consult on amending the national planning policy framework to ensure that it prioritises the roll-out of charge points, on top the funding of almost £400 million to support local authorities to spread them out so that all our families have access to them when they need it.
I call the Scottish National party leader.
Will the Prime Minister please share his Christmas message for children being bombed in Gaza this winter?
Nobody wants to see this conflict go on for a moment longer than necessary.
We urgently need more humanitarian pauses to get all the hostages out, and to get life-saving aid into Gaza to alleviate the suffering of the Palestinian people.
We have been consistent in supporting a sustainable ceasefire, which means that Hamas must stop launching rockets into Israel and release all the hostages.
If the current actions of the Israeli Government continue, it is estimated that almost 1,400 more children will die between now and Christmas day.
In the United Nations last night, our friends and allies in France, Ireland, Canada, Spain and Australia joined 148 other nations to vote with courage, care and compassion for a ceasefire.
The UK shamefully abstained.
How can the Prime Minister possibly explain why 153 nations are wrong, yet Westminster is right?
As I have said consistently, we are deeply concerned about the devastating impact of the fighting in Gaza on the civilian population.
Too many people have lost their lives already.
That is something that we have stressed, and something that I stressed personally to Prime Minister Netanyahu just last week.
What we are doing practically is to get more aid into  Gaza, and the Foreign Secretary is appointing a UK humanitarian co-ordinator.
In my conversations last week with Prime Minister Netanyahu, I pressed him on opening up the Kerem Shalom crossing so that more aid can flow in, and we are actively exploring the opportunity for maritime corridors, something on which the UK is well placed to lead.
I can give the hon.
Gentleman my assurance that we will work night and day to get more aid to those who desperately need it.
We expect our young folk to remain in education or training until they are 18, but many lack transport to get there.