Hence, we are calling for veterans to indicate their interest on the form that goes live today.
That data will help officials and the community—working together—to design a fair and equitable scheme for distributing the funds that Lord Etherton has called for and that we accept.
There will be an opportunity for a full debate in the new year once the financial award scheme is matured and we have the benefit of the data captured through the front door that I am opening today.
Once again, I place on record my gratitude to Lord Etherton and his team for their outstanding work compiling a comprehensive and deeply affecting report.
I thank Fighting With Pride and our working group, including trusted stakeholders and independent LGBT veterans, who not only made sure that their voices were heard, but helped steer our response throughout.
They will not seek it, but may I mark out Craig Jones and Caroline Paige in particular for their part in bringing us to where we are today?
Above all, I pay tribute to all those who came forward in the first place.
Those veterans showed tremendous courage in chronicling traumatic experiences, which for many had been suppressed, causing grief and groundless silent shame for decades.
Today’s Defence has come a long way since 2000.
We cannot change the past, but we can make the future better.
In accepting Lord Etherton’s recommendations, we salute a slighted generation and ensure that its successors can hold their heads high in a place that wants them, values them and honours them.
I am today placing a copy of the Government’s response in the Library, and I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I thank the Minister for early sight of his statement.
With due respect to the right hon.
Gentleman, who is a diligent Minister, this statement should have been made by the Defence Secretary; the last one was.
This no-show from the Defence Secretary downgrades the importance that the Government give in July to backing up the Prime Minister’s apology to LGBT+ veterans.
Crucially, it undermines the confidence that LGBT veterans will have in the Government being serious about fully implementing the Etherton review and fully righting the injustices arising from the ban on LGBT people serving in our armed forces until 2000.
This is unfinished business for Labour.
We lifted the ban in 2000.
We argued for the Etherton review in the Armed Forces Bill.
We welcomed its publication and recommendations.
We again thank Lord Etherton for his review and the inclusive way in which he conducted it.
At the heart of the review were the statements of those who were victims of the overt, often brutal, homophobic policy.
We pay tribute to them for sharing their experiences and giving their testimonies.
Like the Minister, I also pay tribute to groups such as Fighting With Pride, which have campaigned for justice, along with backing from wider veterans organisations such as the Royal British Legion and Help for Heroes.
This is a cause that unites the House.
The previous Defence Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Wyre and Preston North (Mr Wallace) , said in a powerful and moving statement in July that he had
“decided specifically that a debate in the House should take place”
in order to
“make sure that the House properly debates the report and the Government’s response to it,”
and not just the compensation scheme, as the Minister has implied.
Will the Government honour that promise to the House in full?
When will that debate take place?
To be clear, the debate is of profound importance to veterans.
It should be a watershed moment for defence to move beyond the long, shameful shadow of the past, and to say in the future, “We are deeply proud of our LGBT veterans.
We honour your service to our nation.
You are part of us.”