I also thank the Government for accepting all 49 of the recommendations—it is pretty unusual to accept all the recommendations, so the Government should be commended for that.
To follow on from the point made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lichfield (Michael Fabricant)  about the disregards—or “expunging”, as the Minister suggested—am I right in thinking that those who have had service convictions would need to apply?
If so, what more can be done to encourage them to apply to the Home Office for those disregards?
Perhaps the Ministry of Defence could proactively suggest to them that they could do so.
Further to the question asked by  the hon.
Member for Hackney South and Shoreditch (Dame Meg Hillier) , the UK intelligence community should not be overlooked.
There should perhaps be a second review, or at least some sort of internal review, about the treatment of UK intelligence officers over the past few decades.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for his question.
Lord Etherton’s terms of reference were deliberately drawn in the way that they were to focus specifically on defence, but my right hon.
Friend has made a reasonable point, and I am sure colleagues across Government will hear what he has said.
I am more than happy to have a discussion about this specific case with  the hon.
Member for Hackney South and Shoreditch (Dame Meg Hillier)  and with my right hon.
Friend, if they wish to do so.
It is important that if we are considering the implications for wider public service, we learn from what has gone before and from this review.
I am confident that colleagues right across Government will be looking at what we have proposed doing in response to Lord Etherton’s report today and drawing their own conclusions.
Perhaps they can learn from what has gone on and assure themselves that they, in turn, do not have dark corners that need to be given the light that Lord Etherton’s report has certainly given to defence.
I draw attention to my declarations in the Register of Member’s Financial Interests, including those relating to my recent Army Reserve service.
I was very happy to be able to do that as an openly gay man alongside many other LGBT+ service personnel who serve us bravely around the world and in this country.
That opportunity was not available to the many generations who went before who were equally courageous and brave in the service of our country in so many contexts, but who faced horrific discrimination.
One of those discriminated against was one of my constituents in Cardiff South and Penarth.
She was discharged in a totally humiliating way from the RAF in the 1970s for being a lesbian, but in her service record, the reason was recorded as “services no longer required.”
I have raised her case with the MOD over  many years, but was told that it could not be changed because it was correctly administered.
In his statement, the Minister referred to amendments to veterans’ service history, which recommendations 26 and 27 of the report also refer to.
Will he confirm that where individuals were discharged for reasons other than their sexuality, but their sexuality was clearly the reason, that will be considered in restitution for them and their service?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman—I remember him raising his constituent’s case when we debated this matter in the summer.
The straight answer to his question is “yes”, and I encourage his constituent to go to the front door that is now open to ensure her case is properly examined and, if she wants, references to what happened to her are removed or expunged.
It is impossible to put a price on, or indeed measure, the extent of the grief, trauma and shame that was caused to LGBT veterans, so why should we be putting a financial cap on the compensation they are going to get?