Can she reassure patients of the clinical competence of pharmacists to make prescriptions, and can she reassure pharmacists on the issue of clinical liability?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that pharmacists are highly skilled and better trained than ever before in this country.
They are fully equipped to meet the demands of their new prescribing role.
I welcome the Pharmacy First initiative—its roll-out is long overdue—but what expectations are we creating in the minds of patients attending pharmacies?
Will pharmacists be trained in denying medication to people who turn up expecting to be given a prescription of some sort?
Clearly, the initiative will encourage more people to present in order to get medication when it may not be necessary.
The hon.
Gentleman raises a good point.
Of course, pharmacists will be prescribing for seven common conditions.
Plenty of referrals will be made to GPs, and from GPs to pharmacists, to give patients the accessibility and the appropriate level of assessment for their needs.
Pharmacies in Horsham have asked for such a scheme, so they will very much welcome it, as do I. However, as the Minister is aware from our one-on-one discussions, for which I am grateful, there are currently issues of access to pharmacies in Horsham.
Will she ensure that the sector is appropriately resourced and has the right training in order to ensure that the scheme is the great success that it deserves to be?
Absolutely, and I am always happy to discuss that further with my right hon.
Friend.
Northern Ireland’s minor ailments scheme, and this Pharmacy First initiative, are acknowledgments that GPs can spend up to 40% of their working day on minor ailments, but the scale in Northern Ireland is different from what has been proposed for England.
Is there capacity for a UK-wide roll-out of Pharmacy First to take pressure off our GP services?
If there is, that would be the right thing to do.
I seriously look forward to the re-establishment of the Stormont Assembly so that it will be possible for Northern Ireland to implement such a scheme itself.
I warmly welcome the statement.
I have been a strong champion of pharmacies in my constituency.
We are experiencing challenges, however, when the likes of Boots withdraw their services.
It is difficult to transfer or apply for licences, despite the fact that we have a number of keen applicants who want to provide important pharmacy services.
What more can the Government do to speed up and make the licensing application procedure smoother and better?
I would love to hear more about that from my right hon.
and learned Friend.
I will be happy to look into it.
In recent months, Boots has closed two of three pharmacies in the Hampton area of my constituency.
That has left Hampton North, which is one of the most deprived wards in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, without a single pharmacy, so elderly residents and those with long-term conditions have to walk for a lot longer than 20 minutes to access a pharmacy.
Local GPs tell me that it is just not viable to set up a community pharmacy facility.
Will the Government review the pressures on community pharmacy and consider the community pharmacy contractual framework so that we can make this initiative work and take the pressure off GPs?
As I have already mentioned, there are many community pharmacies starting up all the time, as well as closing down.
The hon.
Lady will appreciate that the Pharmacy First initiative is a real boost to community pharmacies.
I am happy to discuss it with her, but I would imagine that there will be the capability to open new community pharmacies in her area.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend and her Front-Bench colleagues on rolling out this initiative.
The Isle of Portland had two pharmacies, both run by Boots, but one is now shut.
Can I meet my right hon.