As far as fair funding for Wales is concerned, we receive  20% more per head to spend on devolved services than is spent in England.
One thing the right hon.
Lady and I might agree on is that it is high time the Welsh Labour Government explained why we have longer waiting lists and lower educational standards, despite having more money to spend on devolved services.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the adequacy of the energy mix in Wales.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the adequacy of the energy mix in Wales.
That was lively, Mr Speaker.
The UK has a secure and diverse energy system, and Wales continues to play a key role.
The UK Government are going further to ensure our energy security by supporting our oil and gas industry, and investing to scale up our renewable energy production, such as floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea.
Many of my constituents make the long journey round to work at Hinkley, yet we have had this Government in power for 14 years and we have seen no new nuclear delivered in Wales, despite our proud history of generation, with its significant opportunities to lower energy bills, deliver high-quality jobs and reduce carbon emissions.
Where on earth is their plan, and why are they not getting on with delivering it?
I very much welcome the hon.
Gentleman mentioning nuclear.
I seem to recall that, when his party was in power, Labour did next to nothing to advance the cause of nuclear energy in this country.
It gives me ample opportunity to pay tribute to the work of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ynys Môn (Virginia Crosbie) , who has committed the Government to everything we have done on Wylfa so far.
Progress is being made, in stark contrast to the record of his party.
We have had 14 years of successive Tory Governments, who have all had the chance to invest in the transition to net zero.
Instead, they have chosen to backslide on climate commitments, and it is working people across my constituency of Cardiff North who are paying the price.
With this Government intent on issuing new oil and gas licences, what does the Minister say to families in my constituency who are now paying treble for their energy bills?
I would point out that it is this Government who stepped in with £96 billion of support to mitigate the impact of those energy bills.
I completely disagree with the hon.
Lady’s assessment of our record on net zero, and I would point out that, when her party was in power, 7% of our energy supply came from renewable sources.
Fourteen years!
If the hon.
Lady will let me finish the point, the figure is now just under 50%, and that is the record of this party’s 14 years in power.
My hon.
Friend mentions the new industry of floating offshore wind, which has huge potential to create a large number of high-quality jobs in places such as Milford Haven and Port Talbot.
The two ports both have bids in with the UK Government to the FLOWMIS port infrastructure scheme, which will be key to seeing this vision realised.
When can the ports expect to hear back about those bids?
I thank my right hon.
Friend, the Chair of the Select Committee, for that question.
I am delighted that today the Crown Estate is hosting a bidders day to drive forward plans for innovative floating wind projects in the Celtic sea.
The UK Government are supporting FLOW through our contracts for difference scheme, securing a long-term pipeline of projects in the Celtic sea.
I would be happy to write to him with a further update on when more progress can be discussed.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.