My constituent Millie, a wheelchair user, had a serious accident at a sporting event.
Millie was left waiting on the floor in pain for over two hours before an ambulance arrived.
During her months in hospital since then, she has been dropped, badly, multiple times; left stuck in her bed for days on end; and even told to soil herself when there is no one to take her to the toilet.
Before all this, Millie was living independently and working, but the prospect of her returning to work is being destroyed by the crisis in the NHS and care system.
I am sure the Prime Minister will agree that no one should ever have to go through what Millie has been through, so will he look again at our proposals to ensure that every patient receives the high-quality care that they need?
I am very sorry to hear about Millie’s case, and I am sure that if there are specific aspects of it that need to be examined, the Health Secretary will follow them up with the right hon.
Gentleman.
More generally, we want to make sure that everyone gets the care they deserve, which is why we are not just investing record sums in the NHS but ensuring that there are record numbers of doctors, nurses and new, innovative forms of treatment such as surgical hubs and virtual wards.
All that is showing that ambulance times, which the right hon.
Gentleman mentioned, are lower today than they were this time last year.
The No.
1 reason for children’s hospital admissions in my constituency is dental treatment, but we have no NHS capacity and no orthodontist in Barnstaple.
Our dentists cannot recruit, even with a large golden hello.
The emergency dental plan seems to have been stuck at the Treasury forever.
Might my right hon.
Friend use his spare set of keys and pop round to rescue it for us?
My constituents and I would be ever so grateful.
My hon.
Friend has rightly championed the provision of dentistry in her area.
We are investing £3 billion a year, and the reformed contracts in dentistry from the NHS have improved access while ensuring fairer remuneration for dentists.
We are also providing more financial support for those who need it the most—about half the courses of treatment last year were delivered to those who are non-paying, both adults and children—but yes, more needs to be done, and that is why our dentistry recovery plan will be published shortly.
More than two decades ago, the then Prime Minister, Tony Blair, misled this House by promoting and endorsing the Post Office Horizon IT system as perfect, protecting the large corporation that created it and causing untold harm, damage and misery to innocent people.
Can the current Prime Minister think of anything he has promoted, in partnership with huge businesses, as safe and effective that has ultimately harmed the British people?
Will he use this opportunity to correct that safe and effective statement, or will he choose the same line as Tony Blair and sit back, do nothing and let the misery continue to pile up?
We have been clear that the Horizon scandal is a terrible miscarriage of justice, and we are doing everything we can to make it right.
To what the hon.
Member was more broadly insinuating, let me be unequivocal from this Dispatch Box that covid vaccines are safe.
The shocking revelations of the Horizon scandal highlighted the Post Office’s financial incompetence, and my right hon.
Friend will know that the public’s confidence in the institution is at an all-time low.
Does he agree that as high street banks are closing branches across the country, we should look at developing new community banking solutions rather than giving the Post Office sole responsibility for providing access to cash and other banking services in poorly served neighbourhoods?
I thank my hon.