I join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute and being proud of Britain’s rich history in the automotive and motorsport sectors.
The stadium he talks about is an historic motorsport venue.
While it has been a shame to see it fall into disrepair, I hope that the  decision he refers to will enable the possibility of both speedway and stock car racing to return.
I know that he will continue, rightly, to champion this cause.
I call the SNP leader.
When the Tories scrapped the cap on bankers’ bonuses in the autumn during a cost of living crisis, the Labour party rightly opposed it.
Yet here we are, just three months later, and the Labour party supports scrapping the cap—shameful.
Is the Prime Minister comforted by the fact that he is now no longer alone in this House on being completely out of touch with public opinion?
As I said at the time, we supported the decision of the independent regulator because it was the right thing for financial stability, and because we on this side of the House have a set of convictions and we have a plan and we stick to it.
But the hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to point out the flip-flopping, U-turning and no convictions of the party opposite.
Of course, scrapping the cap on bankers’ bonuses was only made possible because of Brexit.
What the Westminster parties are now telling the public is that it is OK for bankers to have unlimited Brexit bonuses, but the public who are sitting at home and struggling to feed their families have to suck up and deal with additional food costs as a result of Brexit red tape.
That is the cost and that is the reality of broken Brexit Britain.
Is it not the case that the great achievement of this Tory Government is getting the Labour party to agree to that bleak future?
We are actually delivering benefits for people across Scotland, not least the new free trade deals that are opening up markets for Scottish exporters, freeports that are attracting jobs and investment, and the Brexit pubs guarantee that is cutting the cost of a pint in Scottish pubs.
The hon.
Gentleman talks about the cost of living, but what he could do to help the most is ensure that Scotland is not the most highly taxed part of the United Kingdom—and not just for high earners; everyone earning £28,500 or more is paying more tax in Scotland than they would in England, thanks to the SNP.
One punch thrown, two days on life support, then three children left without a father.
A four-year sentence is handed down and the perpetrator is released after two, but one grieving mother has to live a life sentence of agony.
Sentencing for one-punch killers is not working in this country.
Does the Prime Minister agree that now is the time to finally introduce a specific offence and a tougher minimum sentence for one-punch manslaughter?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the work that she has done to bring attention to so-called one-punch manslaughter and to highlight the anguish that—as she knows well—those cases cause to the families of the victims.
I know that the Ministry of Justice has looked very carefully at the amendment that she has proposed, and that she will shortly be meeting the Minister for Safeguarding to discuss both her specific amendment and how we might best address the wider issue.
Mr Speaker—[Interruption.]
Order!
Ed Davey.
My constituent Millie, a wheelchair user, had a serious accident at a sporting event.
Millie was left waiting on the floor in pain for over two hours before an ambulance arrived.
During her months in hospital since then, she has been dropped, badly, multiple times; left stuck in her bed for days on end; and even told to soil herself when there is no one to take her to the toilet.