Friend and I share a common scepticism of the sclerotic state of the European Union, there are lessons to be learned from Europe.
I am glad to see that, like France, we are now respecting community pharmacies.
However, I have one specific question.
In her statement, she said that one thing on which the pharmacy can act is female urinary tract infections.
Why not male?
I wish my hon.
Friend a happy Brexit day.
I will have to come back to him on that issue.
The point is that the service is limited to minor urinary tract infections.
That might be why it does not include men, but I will certainly get back to him on that point.
I and many—if not all—of my constituents very warmly welcome the statement.
On integration with other NHS access services, if an individual were to dial NHS 111 with one of the conditions mentioned in the statement, would they be diverted to a pharmacy or to a GP first?
To a pharmacy.
NHS 111, GPs and urgent and emergency care can all refer to pharmacists for those particular common conditions.
I join others in welcoming the new scheme.
Will my right hon.
Friend ensure, as part of the communications, that the NHS website is updated to show which pharmacies have signed up to Pharmacy First, and will she continue to encourage those that have not yet signed up to do so?
What is brilliant is that over 95% of all community pharmacies have signed up, including 172 in my hon.
Friend’s area.
Key to the service’s success will be pharmacies actually offering it when patients turn up.
Does my right hon.
Friend know how many individual pharmacists have been trained to provide the services, and is there a way of gathering and publishing data on when pharmacies will offer the service, so that patients will not have a frustrated journey and we can see where the gaps are?
As I say, more than 95% of all community pharmacies have signed up to the service, and all their pharmacists have been trained in how to deliver it.
As someone who has championed the role of community pharmacies throughout my time in this House, I warmly welcome today’s statement.
I am particularly delighted that we were able to host one of the pilot schemes in Cornwall, which was hugely successful, resulting in 7,500 consultations that took 6,000 appointments away from GPs and 75 A&E appearances.
Will the Minister join me in thanking all the pharmacies in Cornwall that took part in that pilot, which was so successful?
Absolutely.
It is only by trying these things that we can see how successful they can be, and I do believe this service is going to radically improve patient access to care.
With permission, I will make a statement on Northern Ireland Executive formation.
This Saturday would mark two years without a fully functioning devolved Government in Northern Ireland.
That is two years without locally elected Ministers able to take important decisions on Northern Ireland’s schools and hospitals and the broader economy, and above all, it is two years in which Northern Ireland has been held back from achieving the massive potential of this unique part of the United Kingdom.
It was nearly two years ago that the then First Minister resigned over the old Northern Ireland protocol.
The Government recognised that the protocol did not deliver to the people of Northern Ireland the same freedoms that leaving the European Union delivered for the rest of the United Kingdom.
As the party of the Union, this Conservative Government have sought to address those concerns by replacing the protocol with the Windsor framework.
I maintain that the Windsor framework was, and is, a good deal for Northern Ireland that addresses the issues around the old protocol and sets out a new way forward.