I congratulate my hon.
Friend on being such a champion of levelling-up fund schemes in his constituency.
The levelling-up funds have allowed us to keep our post-Brexit promise to ensure that Wales continues to be generously funded.
That is one of many such projects, such as the levelling-up funds, the freeports and the investment zones that are ensuring that Wales levels up.
Like the towns and villages I represent, coalfield communities in Wales are still bearing the brunt of deindustrialisation.
I am delighted that we will have a debate tomorrow on miners and mining communities, and I encourage Welsh colleagues to attend.
Can the Minister tell us what steps he is taking to ensure that levelling-up funding in Wales and across the coalfields in the UK is targeted at the most deprived, left-behind areas, which have suffered most?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to say we need to target the areas most in need, but that is exactly what this Government have been doing.
It is not just about levelling-up funds; we have had four growth deals across the length and breadth of Wales, three rounds of levelling-up funding, two investment zones, two freeports, an electrified rail line in north Wales and an electrified arc furnace in south Wales.
The reality is that while we are committed to levelling up, the Welsh Labour Government are committed to levying further taxes on people and businesses on Wales.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I want to say that recent exchanges have  been lively, to the point where it is becoming difficult  for colleagues to hear what is being said clearly, and there has been an escalation in unhelpful exchanges across the Floor of the House from sedentary positions and the attempted use of props.
Some of the language used in questions has also fallen short of the standards of good temper and moderation that should characterise the proceedings of this House.
I know there is a general election approaching, but I urge hon.
Members on both sides of the House to exercise greater self-restraint in their choice of words and in their general behaviour, both when they are asking a question and when they are not.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 31 January.
On Monday I met the families of Grace O’Malley-Kumar, Barnaby Webber and Ian Coates, who were killed in Nottingham.
I assured them that we would do whatever it takes to get the answers that they want.
Following constructive dialogue over past months, I welcome the significant steps the DUP has taken to make restoration of the Executive possible.
I also thank the other political parties in Northern Ireland for the patience they have shown.
After two years without an Executive, there is now the prospect of getting power-sharing back up and running, strengthening our Union, giving the people the local, accountable government that they need and offering a brighter future for Northern Ireland.
My right hon.
Friend the Northern Ireland Secretary will be making a statement shortly.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Last week I met a constituent who was employed not by the Post Office, but by a supermarket that operated a franchise post office.
She was wrongly accused of dishonesty as a result of the faulty Horizon system and put through a disciplinary process by her employer, the supermarket, which had a profound impact on her life.
She is not alone—there are others in her position—yet there is no provision for compensating people who worked in franchise post offices, as she did.
Will the Prime Minister give me a commitment that he will include those victims in the Horizon scandal compensation scheme?
I am very sorry to hear about the hon.
and learned Lady’s constituent’s case.