Friend will know that the public’s confidence in the institution is at an all-time low.
Does he agree that as high street banks are closing branches across the country, we should look at developing new community banking solutions rather than giving the Post Office sole responsibility for providing access to cash and other banking services in poorly served neighbourhoods?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question, but I would just say that we should not make the mistake of conflating this scandal with the actions of many hard-working local postmasters and sub-postmasters.
Customers can access cash and banking services through a wide range of channels, including a contract with the Post Office Counters service, which provides a valuable channel.
I agree with her, however, on the importance of access to cash, which is why the Government have legislated to protect that as part of the recent Financial Services and Markets Act 2023, to ensure that the vast majority of people should be no more than 3 miles away from such a cashpoint.
One of the Nolan principles—integrity—states that holders of public office should not act to gain material benefits for themselves, their family or their friends.
On 6 January the Prime Minister tweeted a link to the Conservative party website that seemed to scrape people’s data and place unwanted cookies on their machines.
The Good Law Project is now pursuing this.
Can he assure the House that no laws have been broken by his party?
Of course our party follows all laws.
A first responsibility for Government is to fix the housing crisis that young people did not cause.
Three years ago, we dragged house building in this country up to the highest level since 1987, after the last Labour Government left it at its lowest level since the 1920s.
But house building is weakening and we need to do more.
Will my right hon.
Friend consider using the Budget to do as he and I did together during the pandemic: cut stamp duty to boost housing starts, reignite the economy and support thousands of businesses across our country?
My right hon.
Friend is right to point out that since 2010 we have delivered 2.5 million additional homes, and we are on track to deliver 1 million just in this Parliament and help over 850,000 families into home ownership through schemes such as Help to Buy and the right to buy.
Obviously, tax decisions are a matter for the Chancellor, but I would point out that our existing stamp duty relief for first-time buyers ensures that the vast majority of first-time buyers in our country pay absolutely no stamp duty.
The all-party parliamentary group on eye health and visual impairment has today published polling that found that nearly half of employers exclude blind and partially sighted people from their workplaces and that one in four said that they would not be willing to make workplace adjustments.
The disability employment gap remains stubbornly at 30% and the pay gap means that blind and partially sighted people effectively work for free for 47 days of the year.
Will the Prime Minister meet me and sight loss organisations to discuss how we can create a more inclusive workforce?
I share the hon.
Lady’s ambition for an inclusive workforce.
The record in supporting those with disabilities into work over the past several years has been incredibly strong.
I know my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions is actively looking at that and making sure that our accessibility plan is up to date and inclusive.
I will ensure that the hon.
Lady gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
Having visited recently, I know that Israel remains in shock following the rape, murder and butchery carried out by Hamas.
All of us want to see a peaceful and demilitarised Palestinian state.