I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on bringing in this initiative.
I have fantastic community pharmacies in South Derbyshire—although, sadly, when the boundary changes come, I will lose Hatton to Derbyshire Dales.
They are leaders in their field and they are trusted in their communities.
This is a brilliant initiative, and I cannot thank my right hon.
Friend enough.
I thank my hon.
Friend.
rose—
Order.
That was a perfect answer.
I have to tell the House that we have a lot of business to get through today, and I will therefore need short questions and admirably short answers, because otherwise not everyone who is standing will have a chance to ask a question.
I do not agree with most of what the Minister has said today.
We are all in favour of pharmacies, but I think this statement is a distraction from the real problems in our health service, our GP service and much else.
Order.
Will the hon.
Gentleman please ask a question?
Has the Minister looked at the number of pharmacies that have closed in the poorest areas of our country?
Lastly, what is she going to do about companies like Boots?
It has even closed its local branch in Westminster—
Order.
Because of his seniority, I have allowed the hon.
Gentleman a little leeway.
One question, one answer.
The more deprived parts of England are much better served by community pharmacies than better-off areas are.
We have amazing pharmacists in Watford, and I have championed community pharmacies such as Sigma, which is a fantastic local business.
Can the Minister provide an assurance that the general public will be made massively aware of this fantastic new service?
Yes, there will be a significant communications package, beginning today.
The Minister does not appear to be concerned about the record number of community pharmacy closures under this Conservative Government.
Why does she think it is happening?
There has been a 61% increase in registered pharmacists since 2010, with plans to increase that number by 50% in the next few years.
I commend my right hon.
Friend for her excellent statement, but how will she tackle the issue of funding for prescriptions?
Community pharmacies are struggling, and she will understand that the NHS tariff does not pay them the full price of products.
Will she look at that as she rolls out the scheme?
The Government currently contribute £2.6 billion to community pharmacy, quite apart from the £645 million addition for Pharmacy First.
We are about to start negotiations for the 2024-25 period.
The three pharmacies in Shirley, in my constituency, have been there for decades.
They are very well known and very trusted, but they are all on the edge of having to close.
To stay open, one pharmacist is using their own savings and not paying themselves a wage.
I welcome your announcement, but would you read a letter from them—
Order.
There may have been lax obeying of the rules at other times, but would the hon.
Lady please refer to the Minister as “she”, not “you”?
Forgive me, Madam Deputy Speaker.
That was an error.
Would the Minister read that letter, consider these issues and perhaps meet us to talk about it?
They are good people, and we want to keep their pharmacies open.
I am of course happy to read the letter, but I would say that Pharmacy First offers a significant new boost to community pharmacies.
My right hon.
Friend will be pleased to hear that, across Cheshire and Merseyside, including my Eddisbury constituency, 535 community pharmacies will be starting the Pharmacy First initiative today.
Particularly in rural areas, pharmacies are a lifeline for many people.
Can she reassure patients of the clinical competence of pharmacists to make prescriptions, and can she reassure pharmacists on the issue of clinical liability?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that pharmacists are highly skilled and better trained than ever before in this country.