The Welsh Affairs Committee highlights the need for greater connectivity between Swansea, Cardiff and Bristol, which would be of huge benefit, particularly for sports and music fans coming to Ashton Gate in my constituency.
Why has the Wales Rail Board failed to initiate recommendations and other further improvements?
The hon.
Lady’s constituents will be greatly affected by the project that she mentions and by the performance of Great Western Railway, which is not sufficient.
The Office of Rail and Road has launched an investigation into poor train punctuality and reliability in Network Rail’s Wales and western region, and we await the recommendations of that review.
I add that industrial action has affected things.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in congratulating Network Rail and its subcontractors on completing the repair works on the longest wooden rail bridge in Europe across the Mawddach estuary in Gwynedd?
I certainly will join my hon.
Friend, and I am delighted that he takes such keen interest in Welsh rail infrastructure and raises it here on such a regular basis.
He is right to flag that project, which is an example of this Government’s record investment in rail infrastructure in Wales.
I was pleased to visit the project and give it my full support.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the future of the steelmaking industry in Wales.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the future of the steelmaking industry in Wales.
The Government are investing £500 million to secure the future of steelmaking in Port Talbot for generations to come.
It is one of the largest UK Government support packages for steelmaking in history, and it will protect 5,000 jobs directly with Tata and many thousands more in the supply chain.
Last week, the Secretary of State stated in the steel debate that he understands
“the devastation that people will feel in Port Talbot—the whole community, but especially those people who face the loss of their jobs”—[Official Report,  23 January 2024 ; Vol.
744, c. 264.]
at the plant and beyond.
Why is it, then, that the Secretary of State or the Business Secretary did not put in a red line on job losses while this work was being done, especially given that Tata has this morning doubled down on those losses at the Welsh Affairs Committee?
It is nothing short of a disgrace.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, Tata approached the UK Government and said it was intending to pull out of the United Kingdom.
If Tata had pulled out completely, that would have immediately cost 8,000 jobs and many thousands more in the supply chain.
The Government therefore acted to take the only deal available, which was to build the electric arc furnace and save thousands of jobs.
I do not think that thousands of jobs will be saved at all.
The people of Teesside, who saw the Tory Government abandon them and end virgin steelmaking at Redcar, leading to the loss of 3,000 jobs, will sympathise with those in Wales.
The failure of the same Government will see virgin steelmaking also ended in Wales, with the loss of another 3,000 jobs, and leave the UK even more reliant on imports, as they are surrendering the market to other countries.
Why would the Government want to do that when steel is a foundation industry and, with the introduction of new technologies, could have a bright future?
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will be aware that 100% of the materials—the iron ore and coke—used to produce steel in Port Talbot are imported from abroad.
At the same time, we are exporting 8 million tonnes of scrap steel, so building an arc furnace to make use of that scrap steel will make us less dependent on other countries for our steel.