We also need to invest in the pharmacy workforce as part of the Government’s long-term workforce plan, so that those in alternative roles within pharmacies, such as pharmacy technicians, have the capacity to take the opportunities she has outlined.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Investing in technology is vital, but so is investing in the workforce.
We have seen a 61% increase in the number of registered community pharmacists since 2010, and we aim in our long-term NHS workforce plan to increase that by a further 50%.
We have already increased the number of training places for both pharmacists and pharmacy technicians.
I, too, welcome Pharmacy First, which I think is a very good initiative.
In recent weeks we have seen the closure of two pharmacies in my area, on Beverley Road and Chanterlands Avenue.
I am also told by leaders in the Humber pharmacy community that our area has one of the largest numbers of temporary closures because of problems accessing pharmacists.
Will the Minister look favourably, therefore, on my idea to attach a school of pharmacy to Hull York Medical School?
We need a school of dentistry, too.
If we could have a centre of excellence in the Humber area, it might solve some of our specific workforce problems.
I am always happy to speak to colleagues on both sides of the House about their ideas for new dental and pharmacy schools.
It is an ongoing interest.
England is, in fact, blessed with huge numbers of community pharmacies—well over 10,000—and four in five of us are able to walk to a community pharmacy  within 20 minutes.
The number of pharmacies in more deprived areas is double the number in more well-off areas.
We are very well served by our brilliant pharmacies, and I hope the Pharmacy First programme will improve their footfall and their value in each of our communities.
I very much welcome this initiative to encourage our pharmacies to provide more frontline healthcare.
People need to know about this, because they often do not think of going to the pharmacy.
What work are the Government doing in larger population centres such as Harwich and Dovercourt, which has over 20,000 people but no out-of-hours pharmacy cover?
People have to make a round trip of more than 40 miles to collect a prescription on a Sunday, for example.
Are the Government doing any work on 24/7 pharmacy coverage for larger population areas?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
Pharmacists will keep their community pharmacy open for up to 72 hours a week in most cases, and up to 100 hours in some cases, which means there is weekend accessibility.
We keep this under review, but the availability is very good.
The Liberal Democrats have long supported calls for Pharmacy First, and the National Pharmacy Association, based in my St Albans constituency, has been calling for it since at least 2017.
This is a welcome move, but it is long overdue.
The Minister will be aware that there have been almost 700 permanent pharmacy closures since 2015, and the Company Chemists Association now estimates that eight pharmacies a week are closing, including one in my constituency.
What steps is she taking to make sure there are no more closures this week, next week and every other week this year?
The hon.
Lady might remember that the Liberal Democrats were in government for a good part of that period.
She talks about pharmacy closures, and we see pharmacies opening and closing.
There has been a small number of net closures, but we are very well served across England and we keep a close eye on that.
Pharmacy First is a new boost to community pharmacies across England.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on bringing in this initiative.
I have fantastic community pharmacies in South Derbyshire—although, sadly, when the boundary changes come, I will lose Hatton to Derbyshire Dales.