Will the Prime Minister give me a commitment that he will include those victims in the Horizon scandal compensation scheme?
I am very sorry to hear about the hon.
and learned Lady’s constituent’s case.
As I have said, it was an awful miscarriage of justice and everyone affected deserves not only justice, but compensation and answers.
I will make sure we look into the precise details of her constituent’s case—surely there will be others like that—and will make sure that the Minister gets back to her with all due haste.
Sustainable aviation fuel plays a significant part in the sector’s decarbonisation.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister commit to further policies for a SAF mandate to generate greater demand, and for a revenue support mechanism of the kind that other sectors, including solar and wind-powered generation, have?
Will he give a commitment that work will start by the end of next year on the five promised sustainable aviation plants here in the UK?
I can give my hon.
Friend the assurance that we are committed to ensuring the SAF mandate will be in place by 2025.
By mandating the use of sustainable aviation fuel, we will be able not only to  deliver carbon savings, but to create a brand-new UK market.
As one of the steps in introducing the revenue certainty mechanism that he talks about by 2026, the Department for Transport will be consulting in the spring of this year on options for how that should work in practice.
We now come to the Leader of the Opposition.
May I join the Prime Minister in welcoming the DUP’s statement on the return of the Northern Ireland Executive?
This is an important moment, but we now need all sides to work together to get Stormont back up and running for the people of Northern Ireland.
I, too, met the families of Grace, Barnaby and Ian on Monday.
It is impossible to express in words the horror that they have been through, and continue to go through.
We must all redouble our efforts to do everything we can to help them with their campaign.
This week, two young lives—16-year-old Max and 15-year-old Mason—were taken in Bristol.
I know the whole House will join me in sending condolences to their families and friends.
One of the most difficult experiences for any Member of this House is speaking to those at the sharp end of this Government’s cost of living crisis.
Nobody could fail to be moved by the plight of  the hon.
Member for Mid Norfolk (George Freeman) .
His mortgage has gone up £1,200 a month, and he has been forced to quit his dream job to pay for it.
A Tory MP counting the cost of Tory chaos!
After 14 years, have we finally discovered what they meant when they said, “We’re all in this together”?
Thanks to the mortgage charter that the Chancellor introduced last year, millions of mortgage holders across the country are benefiting from mortgage support.
Rather than take the approach that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman just did, it is important to focus on the practical support in place to help people who need it.
Someone on a typical mortgage is able to save hundreds of pounds thanks to those reforms.
Recently, we have seen mortgage applications at a multi-month high, as a result of confidence returning.
If he really cared about helping people with the cost of living, he would do more to celebrate and acknowledge the fact that, thanks to our plan, millions of working people will start to pay hundreds of pounds less in tax from this month’s payslip.
We all know that is not a priority for him.
He said he wanted to back people on the cost of living, but I read that he has described tax cuts as “salting the earth”.