Friend and her Front-Bench colleagues on rolling out this initiative.
The Isle of Portland had two pharmacies, both run by Boots, but one is now shut.
Can I meet my right hon.
Friend and Front-Bench colleagues to discuss how we can ensure that deprived areas such as Portland retain the pharmacies that they desperately need?
I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
With so many of my constituents waiting a long time to see GPs, any boost to primary care capacity must be welcomed, so I thank the Minister for today’s announcement.
The GPs and pharmacy staff I meet raise concerns about recruitment to open roles.
What assurances can the Minister offer that this will not be another policy, like the childcare announcement, that lacks the workforce or sectoral strategy to really gain the full benefits?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, our NHS long-term workforce plan intends to increase by 50% the number of registered pharmacists.
That work is under way and includes increasing the number of pharmacy technicians.
It is great that people will be able to go to the pharmacy for their prescriptions, as well as for the products that they need, without the need to visit a GP.
Chelmsford has some great community pharmacies, but Boots is closing three branches.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss how we can ensure that the people of Chelmsford will be able to get to a pharmacy, in order for the initiative to work?
I would be very happy to meet my right hon.
Friend.
The community pharmacy in Wem in my constituency has struggled to find a full-time pharmacist, relying instead on locums.
That means that opening times are erratic, people cannot rely on the service, and the pharmacy is loss-making because locums are so expensive.
How will the Minister help pharmacies in rural areas to recruit the full-time pharmacists and reduce their reliance on locums?
The hon.
Lady will be aware that, although a few are owned by GP practices, community pharmacies are usually private businesses.
We are training the registered community pharmacists that we need.
Obviously, it would be for that local area to put in place its own recruitment policies, but I would be happy to meet her to discuss that further.
I warmly welcome my right hon.
Friend’s statement, and I put on the record my thanks to all the pharmacists who work in my constituency.
The geography of my constituency can often mean that someone’s nearest pharmacy is about a mile and a half away across the water, so they end up driving 11 miles around to get to it.
I believe that the mapping needs to change.
Will she meet me to discuss it?
I am always happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
Just to let her know, 100 pharmacies in Cornwall are signed up to Pharmacy First.
This brilliant announcement has the potential to free up many thousands of GP places in areas such as Peterborough, but the initiative will be the success that we need it to be only if more people know about.
My right hon.
Friend touched on an awareness campaign, but what efforts will she make to ensure that it reaches difficult-to-reach communities, such as those for whom English is an additional language?
There will be a big communications plan, which I am happy to share with my hon.
Friend.
Well over 100 community pharmacies in his area have signed up to Pharmacy First, which is brilliant news.
It is incumbent on us all—and the purpose of the statement—to ensure that our constituents know about this excellent new service.
Although my right hon.
Friend and I share a common scepticism of the sclerotic state of the European Union, there are lessons to be learned from Europe.
I am glad to see that, like France, we are now respecting community pharmacies.
However, I have one specific question.