If he really cared about helping people with the cost of living, he would do more to celebrate and acknowledge the fact that, thanks to our plan, millions of working people will start to pay hundreds of pounds less in tax from this month’s payslip.
We all know that is not a priority for him.
He said he wanted to back people on the cost of living, but I read that he has described tax cuts as “salting the earth”.
It seems that his shadow Chancellor is equally confused; in Davos, she said that she backed tax cuts, but back here in Westminster she called them a “scorched earth” policy.
She obviously cannot decide which Wikipedia page to copy this week.
For every £2 the Prime Minister says he is giving people back, he is taking £10 out of their back pocket through higher tax.
He thinks they should be dancing in the street and thanking him.
There are 200,000 people, just like  the hon.
Member for Mid Norfolk (George Freeman) , coming off fixed-rate mortgages and paying more each and every month, because the Conservatives crashed the economy.
Does the Prime Minister know how much their monthly repayments are going up by?
As I said, someone on a typical mortgage of about £140,000 with 17 years left is currently paying around £800.
As a result of the ability to extend their mortgage term or switch to a six-month interest-only mortgage, someone on the average mortgage will be able to save hundreds of pounds.
Again, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman says that he cares about the cost of living, but what would have the biggest impact on everyone’s cost of living is his idea to spend £28 billion; a shadow Treasury Minister confirmed just this morning that they remain committed to that.
But he has no plan to pay for that £28 billion—no plan at all.
That is typical Labour economics.
They want to keep the spending but drop the payment plan.
At the weekend I saw the former Labour leader—the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s mentor—who was clear that Labour will make their sums add up with tax rises on people’s assets: their homes, pensions and businesses.
It is the same old Labour party—no plan and back to square one with higher taxes.
The Government have crashed the economy, mortgages are through the roof and they have doubled the debt, and the Prime Minister thinks he can stand there and lecture other people about fiscal responsibility.
He did not answer the question.
Hundreds of thousands of people are coming off fixed-rate mortgages and facing huge mortgage increases, and the Prime Minister will not even do them the courtesy of answering the question. [
Interruption.]
No, he didn’t, so I will ask him again.
Order.
I was very clear at the beginning.
My constituents want to hear—if yours don’t, please leave.
Does the Prime Minister have any idea how much mortgages are going up by this month for those coming off fixed-rate mortgages?
Again, I point the right hon.
and learned Gentleman back to my previous answer.
Everybody’s situation will be different.
Someone on a typical mortgage of around £140,000, who is currently paying £800, will be able to keep their mortgage payment essentially the same by using the facilitations the Chancellor has put in place.
That is what we have done to help people.
Again, it is incumbent on the right hon.
and learned Gentleman to explain to the British public how his policy of decarbonising the grid by 2030 will be funded.
He will not give the answer, but helpfully the shadow Energy Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North (Edward Miliband) , popped up at the weekend in an interview in The Sunday Times and said that Labour does not need a plan to pay for it because, in his words, it will “produce real savings”, and it makes clear “economic sense”.