I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will be aware that 100% of the materials—the iron ore and coke—used to produce steel in Port Talbot are imported from abroad.
At the same time, we are exporting 8 million tonnes of scrap steel, so building an arc furnace to make use of that scrap steel will make us less dependent on other countries for our steel.
As far as job losses are concerned, the UK Government have put aside a budget of £80 million, combined with £20 million from Tata, to support anyone who loses their job.
Thus far, we have not had one single penny towards that from the Welsh Labour Government—who, by the way, are able to find £100 million to create a whole load of extra Senedd members in Cardiff Bay.
I know where my priorities are: with the steelworkers.
Steelmaking is essential to our national security, as is reaching net zero.
The problem is that the Welsh Labour Government cannot make their mind up about which is more important.
After trying to kill off the steel industry with their green measures, they now complain that the UK Government are not doing enough to support that industry.
Does the Secretary of State think that they do not really know their ACAS from their NALGO?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
The Government have looked carefully at this, and very little steel being produced by Port Talbot is going into the defence industry, but the defence industry is being supplied with steel from an electric arc furnace by Sheffield Forgemasters.
There is absolutely no reason why an electric arc furnace built at Port Talbot, using UK Government support, cannot help support our defence industry in the years to come.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting victims of crime in Wales.
I have regular discussions with ministerial colleagues on a range of topics including on justice matters.
The Government are committed to supporting victims.
By 2025, we will have quadrupled funding in England and Wales for victim and witness support services from 2010 levels.
Nine in 10 crimes went unsolved in Wales in the last six months.
What does the Minister say to the victims of the 82,000 unsolved crimes?
I would point to the Government’s record on crime.
Last week’s Office for National Statistics crime survey shows drops in all major crime types, with an average reduction of about 50%.
Violent crime is down by 51%, neighbourhood crime is down by 48%, and theft is down by 46%.
That is due in part to the fact that the Government have met their commitment to provide 20,000 extra police officers.
My own force, Dyfed-Powys, has now got an extra 143 officers.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of levelling-up funding on Welsh communities.
I have regular discussions with Cabinet colleagues and delivery teams in the Department for Levelling Up,  Housing and Communities on the progress of levelling-up fund projects in Wales.
I look forward to hearing more about the projects taking place in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
The Môr i’r Mynydd—sea to mountain—active travel route in the Conwy valley received an £18.6 million boost through levelling-up funds The projects will make a positive difference to communities in Glan Conwy, Betws-y-Coed and Trefriw.
Apart from unlocking the Conwy valley to visitors, it will help young people get to school safely and workers to their jobs.
I meet regularly with Conwy County Borough Council about the progress of those projects.
What is my right hon.
Friend doing to ensure that levelling-up funds are being delivered effectively in Wales?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on being such a champion of levelling-up fund schemes in his constituency.
The levelling-up funds have allowed us to keep our post-Brexit promise to ensure that Wales continues to be generously funded.