Good on them.
They are doing an amazing job, and Pharmacy First will ease the ever-increasing burden on them.
The hon.
Lady talks about technology.
I am pleased to tell her that ensuring that the technology was in place was key in deciding when we could go live.
There is a very short window in which some systems will have elements of manual intervention, but only for a few weeks.
The whole system will be fully automated and will provide the ability to inquire into GP records and to swap advice, which is important for pharmacists to deliver the excellent service that they are already delivering.
Finally, the hon.
Lady will know that community pharmacists have for some time now been delivering blood pressure checks, which in some cases are truly lifesaving.
This is amazing patient access and patient convenience.
The Labour party should, for once, simply praise it and be glad that the Government have stuck to our plan and got on with it.
I am so pleased to hear today’s announcement that we are delivering.
It was one of the key things in our plan for patients that I wanted to ensure happened.
In particular, many Members of this House, current and past, have had infections and, as a consequence of not dealing with them, have ended up in hospital.
This is the sort of sensible approach that, frankly, met some resistance during my time in the Department, with worries about over-prescribing.
It is about treating pharmacists like proper professionals and, most important, providing quicker access to necessary care, which patients will now properly enjoy.
May I say a huge thank you to my right hon.
Friend for her contribution to kicking this project off?
I feel very fortunate to be at the Dispatch Box on the day we launch it, because many others were involved in setting it up.
She rightly highlights some of the problems with spotting things such as sepsis infections, which pharmacists are trained to spot.
They really can be the first line of defence.
Being able to walk in off the high street to see a pharmacist is incredibly valuable to us all.
As a long-standing supporter of the idea of Pharmacy First, I welcome the right hon.
Lady’s statement and the specific reforms she has talked about introducing.
She will be aware, however, that pharmacists in my constituency and further afield are very concerned that they are unable to do the job that they are already expected to because of lack of capacity and problems in accessing certain drugs that they need to prescribe.
Can she indicate how the existing problems will be dealt with, so that they can do what is promised in Pharmacy First?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his support for the programme.
There are around 14,000 licensed medicines, the vast majority of which are in good supply.
The Department works very closely with the sector on finding alternatives and sourcing supplies of medicines, and most of the time we are able to meet the demand.
Occasionally there are challenges, but that does not change in any way the ability of community pharmacists to be the expert medicine suppliers that they are, and to meet the need that members of the general public have for treatment and advice.
I warmly welcome the statement.
This initiative has the potential to transform primary care and access to treatment, but does the Minister agree that to realise its full potential, we need to invest in new technology—she mentioned digitalisation—to make sure that community pharmacies are set up to take advantage of these new opportunities?
We also need to invest in the pharmacy workforce as part of the Government’s long-term workforce plan, so that those in alternative roles within pharmacies, such as pharmacy technicians, have the capacity to take the opportunities she has outlined.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.