If that was not bad enough, this week, the Prime Minister told every council in the country to put their council tax up by the maximum of 5%.
That is 26 tax rises now, Prime Minister.
He says everything is fine, and people are better off, but when people see their mortgage going up, their council tax going up and food prices still going up, who does he expect them to believe: his boasts, or their bank account?
Again, I was puzzled—the right hon.
and learned Gentleman resorts here, as always, to the politics of envy.
I was genuinely surprised that, after recently and repeatedly attacking not just me but the Government for lifting the bonus cap, the shadow  Chancellor has announced, just today, that she now supports the Government’s policy on the bankers’ bonus cap—I do not know whether he mentioned that to Phil when he was having his chat, but I am sure he can fill us in.
I can tell him that trust and economic credibility come from sticking to a plan, but it is becoming clear that we cannot trust a word he says.
When the shadow Chancellor claims that they will not borrow much or raise Phil’s taxes, we now know that those promises are just not worth the Wikipedia page they were copied from.
I actually did not expect the Prime Minister to be laughing at Phil.
I did not expect that—[Interruption.]
Order.
Look, I made the statement very clear.
It is very serious that we make sure that people hear both the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition.
It matters to the people who watch the proceedings of this Chamber.
The behaviour that seems to be carrying on is not good.
The Prime Minister just does not get how hard it is for millions of people across the country like Phil.
That is the primary problem: they are struggling with their mortgages, their bills and the spiralling cost of living.
The Prime Minister’s response is never to take responsibility, and never to show contrition or even any level of basic understanding.
He is so detached that he thinks he can paint a world in which their problems simply do not exist.
The problem is that he cannot even fool his own MPs, let alone anyone else.
The hon.
Member for Mid Norfolk says he is “exhausted” and is looking forward to new opportunities outside of Parliament.
Why does the Prime Minister not do him a favour and call an election, so that he and the whole country can move on?
Whether it is Phil or everyone else across the country, the plan that we are putting in place is working to help people and we are making progress: just this week, taking action to stop children vaping; just this week, ensuring that people can visit their pharmacies to get the healthcare they need, freeing up millions of GP appointments; and just this week, millions of working people starting to see hundreds of pounds of tax cuts delivered in their pay packet.
That is a plan that is working.
All the right hon.
and Learned Gentleman is offering is £28 billion of tax rises.
And that is the choice: a brighter future with us or back to square one with them.
The Prime Minister likes to attend live sport, so I wonder whether he will join me in welcoming the planning inspector’s decision to uphold Rugby Council’s rejection of an application for development at Brandon Stadium in my constituency, to keep the doors open for it to remain a sporting venue so that future generations will enjoy the thrills and spills of motorcycle speedway and stock cars.
I join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute and being proud of Britain’s rich history in the automotive and motorsport sectors.
The stadium he talks about is an historic motorsport venue.