Friend is absolutely correct.
Not only have the Welsh Government not considered the impact of this policy on the economy, businesses and commuters, but they have failed to consider the impact on users of public transport.
We are seeing bus timetables across the whole of Wales being ripped up because of this daft policy.
The Welsh Labour Government seem determined to apply a handbrake to the Welsh economy.
Blanket 20 mph zones do not command widespread public support and, as a consequence, are widely ignored and unenforceable.
Furthermore, there is very little evidence that they improve road safety or air quality.
The roll-out of the scheme in Wales has proved to be an utter farce.
Does my right hon.
Friend share my concern that the Labour party has not learned its lesson and would no doubt seek to impose this costly and disastrous policy in England were it to be elected?
My hon.
Friend is correct.
Not only have the Welsh Labour Government not considered this policy, but they have ignored the fact that 468,000 people have signed a petition calling on them to reconsider—the largest petition in the history of the Senedd.
He is also correct to say that if a Labour Government were ever elected in this country—I certainly hope that will not happen—it is inevitable that they would pursue anti-motorist policies such as the 20 mph speed limit, a ban on new roads being built, and congestion charges and emission zones being set up all over the place.
The South Wales Argus of  28 December 2022  informs us that the Secretary of State for Wales outlined his “anger” that the 20 mph speed limit in Caerwent was not being enforced properly by the police.
Is he still angry?
I began my response earlier by saying that all of us in this House support 20 mph speed limits where there is an issue of safety, and I could not be more clear about that.
What I do not support is a blanket 20 mph limit.
Alongside that blanket 20 mph limit on 30 mph roads, the Welsh Labour Government are using underhand methods to bring down the speed limits on perfectly safe dual carriageways from 70 mph to 50 mph.
That is what lies in store if Labour is ever elected to government in the rest of the country.
Clearly the 20 mph speed limit that is being enforced in Wales will restrict people in their movement.
Has the Minister had any discussions with the Welsh Assembly on providing more buses to take people out of their cars, and will there be more provision for cyclists?
If there is not that provision, this system cannot work.
Unfortunately, Welsh Senedd Ministers do not seem interested in reconsidering the policy.
Frankly, there is an anti-motorist agenda with the Welsh Labour Government, which has seen blanket 20 mph speed limits, speed reductions on dual carriageways, congestion charges being considered and charging to use the M4.
Most shockingly of all, my own Labour council is considering bringing back Severn bridge tolls.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the adequacy of rail infrastructure in Wales.
I have regular discussions with colleagues across Government on rail infrastructure.
The UK Government are committed to building a strong rail infrastructure network across Wales, which will improve connectivity and drive economic growth.
We have provided over £390 million for Welsh rail in recent years, and we recently announced a further £1 billion to fund the electrification of the north Wales main line.
The Welsh Affairs Committee highlights the need for greater connectivity between Swansea, Cardiff and Bristol, which would be of huge benefit, particularly for sports and music fans coming to Ashton Gate in my constituency.
Why has the Wales Rail Board failed to initiate recommendations and other further improvements?
The hon.