The UK Government are supporting FLOW through our contracts for difference scheme, securing a long-term pipeline of projects in the Celtic sea.
I would be happy to write to him with a further update on when more progress can be discussed.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
On the issue of the energy mix, the Tata workers I met last week know that the virgin steel they make is vital to supporting our renewable energy aspirations, such as offshore wind in the Celtic sea, so the loss of 3,000 jobs is a kick in the teeth for our proud and skilled Welsh steelworkers.
It will devastate local economies and the sovereign steelmaking capacity that would build the wind turbines we need, yet the Business Secretary told us at the weekend:
“It’s not about the job losses”.
Does the Secretary of State agree with her comments?
I am sorry that the hon.
Lady has me replying to that question, not the Secretary of State.
It is important to recognise that the investment from this UK Government has saved thousands of jobs across the United Kingdom.
Of course, the transition board is now working with the individuals affected in Port Talbot, which is the proper and right thing to do.
I am glad that both the UK and Welsh Governments are working towards that; it is absolutely the right outcome.
We need to think about these things in the wider context, which is our responsibility.
The Minister boasts about the transition board, but that only exists because of the Government’s failure to protect jobs and vital industries.
Each year, Port Talbot provides enough virgin steel to deliver the UK’s 2030 wind targets by itself.
Can she tell the House where that steel will come from when her Government’s intervention shuts the blast furnaces early?
Will it come from India?
If so, we will be surrendering our ability to create jobs, investment and cheaper bills here in Britain.
Mr Speaker, it will not surprise you to learn that I completely disagree with the hon.
Lady’s assessment.
I would point out that this Government have provided the transition board with £80 million.
We have not seen any of the £20 million that the Welsh Labour Government have promised, but indications so far are that moving away from steelmaking would not have a direct impact on national security.[Official Report,  6 February 2024 , Vol.
745, c. 4MC.] (
Correction)
Whether he has had discussions with the Welsh Government on the introduction of a 20 mph speed limit on residential roads and pedestrian streets in Wales.
Whether he has had discussions with the Welsh Government on the introduction of a 20 mph speed limit on residential roads and pedestrian streets in Wales.
The Welsh Government’s policy on the blanket 20 mph speed limit is damaging communities and businesses across Wales.
All of us support 20 mph limits if there is a safety reason outside schools, hospitals or old people’s homes, but the blanket 20 mph limit is, by the Welsh Government’s own figures, going to create a £4.5 billion hit to the Welsh economy.
In my constituency, bus services no longer serve Dyserth’s high street or the Tweedmill shopping outlet in Trefnant, which impacts on some of the most vulnerable people.
Arriva has stated that the Welsh Government’s 20 mph policy is a key reason for that.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the Welsh Government have failed in multiple ways to properly consider the impact of their policy and that they should repeal it in full?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely correct.
Not only have the Welsh Government not considered the impact of this policy on the economy, businesses and commuters, but they have failed to consider the impact on users of public transport.
We are seeing bus timetables across the whole of Wales being ripped up because of this daft policy.