Defence, light engineering and cyber-security are all vital to jobs and the economy in Northern Ireland, but what assessment has been made of the sustainability and efficiency of Northern Ireland’s agrifood sector, and will the Minister commit to promote the productivity of that industry across the United Kingdom and, indeed, across the world?
That is as short as I can make it, Mr Speaker.
More!
The agrifood sector is incredibly important —I meet representatives of the sector, and I will do all I can.
As always, I am very keen to talk to the hon.
Gentleman about what more we as a Government can do to support the sector.
What steps his Department is taking to support high streets.
What steps he is taking to support high street businesses.
What steps his Department is taking to support high streets.
What steps his Department is taking to support high streets.
Working across government with mayors, local authorities and—crucially—local communities, we are beginning to tackle antisocial behaviour and crime, reforming business rates, working with the banking industry to roll out 350 banking hubs, stamping out late payments, empowering communities to make the most of vacant properties, strengthening the post office network and reforming the apprenticeship levy.
I welcome the new powers delegated to local authorities, enabling them to tackle the blight of empty shop fronts and rejuvenate our local high streets.
This will be particularly welcome in East Thanet, where the Ramsgate empty shops action group has been a powerful advocate for addressing this issue.
We have a 24% vacancy rate on Ramsgate high street, so what steps are the Government taking to support and encourage local businesses and community projects to take over those vacant properties?
I commend my hon.
Friend on her work with the Ramsgate empty shops action group.
Her experience on her high street is sadly echoed up and down the country—under the Conservative party, vacancy rates on our high streets shot up.
High street rental auctions, which are the new powers that my hon.
Friend alludes to, will help local councils to bring vacant units back into use, working with local communities.
That will hopefully help to drive co-operation between landlords and councils and make town centre tenancies more accessible and affordable.
We are encouraging local authorities to take advantage of those powers.
As I suspect my hon.
Friend already knows, colleagues in the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government are looking to do further work in this space.
I call Sir Oliver Dowden.
Question 14, Mr Speaker.
No, just ask the question.
You’re grouped.
I did not realise you had grouped them, Mr Speaker.
Forgive me—a schoolboy error.
What advice would the Minister give struggling businesses in my constituency who are trying to work out how to absorb Labour’s national insurance hike?
Would he advise them to increase their prices, to squeeze wages or to cut investment, and can he explain to those businesses how that fits with the Government’s promises to increase growth?
I think the best advice I could give to businesses in the right hon.
Member’s constituency is to never vote Conservative again.
His and his party’s idea of good economics in Government seems to be to create a huge fiscal hole and leave it to the next Administration to fix it.
We are working at pace to try to tackle the difficult economic inheritance that he and his colleagues in Government helped to create.
Measures such as the industrial strategy and the decisions we have taken in the Budget—albeit some are difficult—will help to bring  back economic stability to this country.
In the long run, that will help businesses in his constituency and, indeed, in constituencies up and down the country.
On Small Business Saturday recently, I had the pleasure of visiting Derby’s small businesses of various types, which are the beating heart of our city.