That shows the requirement for a clear industrial strategy.
What assurances can the Minister give me, as part of implementing the industrial strategy, that the Labour Government are working to level the playing field for domestic manufacturers?
I recognise the issue and I welcome my hon.
Friend’s raising it at the annual dinner of the Society for Motor Manufacturers and Traders.
It matters to this Government that we make these products in the UK.
There have been specific procurement issues, mainly with local areas.
I promise him the meeting that he needs to take that forward, but I assure him that the industrial strategy will cover this issue.
My constituent Kirsty is self-employed and is looking to adopt a child, but she does not qualify for adoption leave or adoption pay and, because she is not having her child biologically, she does not qualify for maternity allowance.
Would the Government support changing that, whether through the Employment Rights Bill or otherwise, so that brilliant future parents are not put off from adopting because they cannot afford it?
That is an interesting question.
There is a great interplay with rights for self-employed people.
We are committing to a review on that in due course, together with a wider look at the parental leave system.
We will get back to the hon.
Lady on that.
I welcome this Government’s commitment to getting more disposable income in the pockets of working people.
At Christmas time a lot of people will want to buy concert tickets; what conversations is the Minister having with Cabinet colleagues on reforming the secondary ticketing market?
Hopefully, we will make an announcement very shortly about plans in that area.
Will the Leader of the House please give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  16 December  includes:
Monday 16 December —Second Reading of the Water (Special Measures) Bill [Lords].
Tuesday 17 December —Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the National Insurance Contributions (Secondary Class 1 Contributions) Bill.
Wednesday 18 December —Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the Lords Spiritual (Women) Act 2015 (Extension) Bill [Lords], followed by Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the Financial Assistance to Ukraine Bill, followed by remaining stages of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and International Committee of the Red Cross (Status) Bill [Lords].
Thursday 19 December —General debate on matters to be raised before the forthcoming adjournment.
The subject for this debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
The House will rise for the Christmas recess at the conclusion of business on  Thursday 19 December  and return on  Monday 6 January 2025 .
The provisional business for the week commencing  6 January  will include:
Monday 6 January —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.
What a marvellous time of year it is when I see the Christmas tree in New Palace Yard, and the trilling sounds of the parliamentary and Salvation Army choirs to boot.
On a slightly more sober note, you will recall, Mr Speaker, that the story of this Government so far has been one of early scandal, a first reset and a delayed Budget, and now what we can expect to be a delayed spending review.
We must hope that at some point the Government will get round to actually making policy.
I am afraid that this week has brought further confirmation of the disastrous effects of the November Budget.
As Members will recall, the Institute for Fiscal Studies predicted at the time that the rise in national insurance would hit lower-wage and more labour-intensive parts of the economy hardest, and predicted that the Chancellor may need to raise taxes again soon.
The Chancellor’s reaction, as she told the CBI, was:
“I’m really clear, I’m not coming back with more borrowing or more taxes.”
We will see how long that promise lasts.