I am sure that the right hon.
Gentleman will have noticed that in the Budget, the Chancellor more than doubled the employment allowance to £10,500.
That will mean that more than a million small businesses, many of them hospitality businesses, will see no increase in their national insurance liabilities next year.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of free trade deals on farmers.
Our approach to trade deals considers the impact on and opportunities for the agricultural sector, along with other sectors of the economy, and, of course, our growth mission.
The Government will publish impact assessments to aid the ratification process for new free trade agreements.
I worked with farmers for many years as a veterinary surgeon, and now I meet them regularly as an MP, so I am aware that farmers in Hampshire and the rest of the country were hugely disappointed when the previous Conservative Government signed trade deals that undermined our high animal welfare standards.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that after future trade deals, British farmers will not have to compete with products produced to lower animal welfare standards—for example, battery hens, or products that involve the indiscriminate use of antibiotics, which is also a public health issue?
It is not only vets and farmers who are proud of our high animal welfare standards, but the British public, so will the Minister confirm that he does not want to compromise on those standards?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for bringing his considerable expertise in veterinary science to the Chamber today.
We will not compromise on animal welfare standards as we take forward our programme of free trade agreements.
Although we might well have approached the negotiations that the previous Government undertook in a different manner, reopening them would certainly create uncertainty, which we genuinely  believe would hurt UK business.
We are not seeing Australian or New Zealand beef and lamb flood the UK market, and we will continue to monitor trade flows under both those free trade agreements.
He makes a very fair and important point about the need to maintain welfare standards.
What steps his Department is taking to support small and medium-sized businesses.
What steps his Department is taking to support small businesses.
Small businesses are the beating heart of our high streets and communities, and are essential to our economic success.
That is why, on Small Business Saturday, I announced the business growth service, which will ensure that businesses across the UK get quicker and easier support and advice from Government.
Further announcements include the disability finance code for entrepreneurship to improve access to capital and tackle inequality for disabled entrepreneurs.
A new fair payment code was launched by the Office of the Small Business Commissioner to help address late payments.
Next year, as my hon.
Friend has said, the small business strategy will be published to create thriving high streets, easier access to finance, open overseas and domestic markets and enhanced business capability.
Small and medium-sized businesses come in many forms, from microbusinesses to community interest companies and co-operatives.
Often, co-operative and mutual business models are overlooked.
Norwich has a proud history of co-operatives.
Will the Secretary of State reassure me that co-operative and mutual business models will be properly included in this Government’s much-needed push to support small and medium-sized businesses?
I very much welcome my hon.
Friend’s question.
My area on the eastern side of Greater Manchester has, like hers, a huge history of co-operatives and mutuals.
The diversity in business models that they bring is a huge strength; they bring different things to the market and different ways of doing business.
The resilience in co-operative models is particularly attractive.
I can assure her that they form part of the Government’s wider strategy.
Our ambition is to double mutuals’ size in the economy.
The Under-Secretary of State for Business and Trade, my hon.