The hon.
Lady raises yet another important issue.
The Government are trying to ensure that we have early intervention, and that the power to take action on that is in the hands of local authorities and others.
We will introduce the children’s wellbeing Bill imminently, to tackle some of those issues at their core.
Small businesses are at the heart of our local economies, and they are crucial to our ambition to deliver sustained growth.
Last weekend, it was great to meet so many inspiring small businesses in Rossendale and Darwen during Small Business Weekend.
I was also privileged to attend the Rossendale business awards, which was a great celebration of entrepreneurial and community spirit.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating the business award winners?
Bear with me, as there were quite a few: Bacup Museum, Baha Accessories, D.O.G. Grooming, The Chubby Duck, Rossendale Radio, Carvansons, SolvAssist, Kelsea Bennett, Be You Lifestyle, Design Hut, Whitworth leisure centre, Olive Branch, The Ashcroft, Dansworks, Unscripted—
Order.
Members are not meant to name a full list of different businesses.
In fairness, I think the Leader of the House has had a real flavour of the importance of Rossendale and Darwen.
I am very well aware of how important small businesses are in Rossendale and Darwen.
Over the years, I have enjoyed many a nice cup of tea and cake in Rossendale and Darwen, and I thought my hon.
Friend was going to invite me.
I am sure I will have one soon.
The Leader of the House may not be aware of this, but Vodafone franchises across the country, including in my constituency, have launched a High Court action because the company has cut remuneration without notice and with no justification, despite benefiting from Government payments during the pandemic to support struggling franchises.
Can we therefore have a debate on how these soulless, heartless corporate businesses are costing livelihoods, oblivious of the consequences?
These struggling franchises will close, and the workers will be sacked.
I am really sorry to hear about the case in the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituency, and I am glad that he has taken the opportunity to raise it on the Floor of the House.
He will know this Government are committed to taking on the vested interests in this country and putting ordinary people and communities back at the front of the queue, but I will ensure that he gets a proper reply.
On Friday, I had the joy of visiting a couple of local organisations: the Southend business partnership and the Southend art collective.
What is apparent from these meetings is the will and the talent in Southend East and Rochford to reanimate the city.
However, like many constituencies, we struggle with the loss of grassroots sport, music venues, leisure facilities and high street shops.
Will the Leader of the House join me in recognising the hard work of both collectives and grant a debate on the importance of extracurricular activities in low socio- economic areas?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important matter.
He is right to highlight the importance of grassroots sport, culture and others to our local communities and high streets.
He will be aware that we have a curriculum review at the moment.
We are also ensuring there is funding for grassroots sport in England, and he might want to note that the Government’s plans for devolution and supporting our high streets will be announced imminently to this House.
Both the Scotland Office and the Northern Ireland Office tell me that the Northern Ireland enhanced investment zone is still alive and still in play, and has not fallen into the fictitious £22 billion black hole.
However, there is no indication of when it will actually be delivered.
Given the multiple agencies involved, could we have some clarity on this?