My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this important matter.
It is clear that foreign donations to political parties in this country are not allowed, but the Government do recognise the risk posed by malign actors who seek to interfere with and undermine our democratic processes.
I am sure that the relevant Secretary of State will want to continue to update the House on this important matter.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to support the steel industry in South Yorkshire.
The steel industry has been in decline, and we intend to turn this around.
That is why we are developing a steel strategy, investing up to £2.5 billion and working at pace.
The steel sector in South Yorkshire and across the UK has been neglected for too long, and we intend to change that.
Stocksbridge Speciality Steels in my constituency is a world-leading plant, with specialist capability to produce cleaner and stronger high-grade steel for our aerospace industry.
The plant supports hundreds of jobs and has an exceptional on-site skills training centre, with links to local universities.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss the future strategic significance of Stocksbridge Speciality Steels and its fundamental importance to our national steel industry?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question, and for championing her constituency and its industries.
She makes a very good point, and I recently met her to talk about this.
This week, I met Community trade union representatives from the steel sector in her area as well.
I am always happy to meet again to see what we can do.
As the Minister knows, it is not just South Yorkshire that is facing difficult decisions about the steel industry.
I thank her for our recent meeting about the future of Scunthorpe.
Is she able to add anything on when we might expect an announcement?
As she will appreciate, particularly at this time of year, there is growing anxiety among the workforce.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question, and for his interest in his constituents and their jobs in the steel industry.
As he says, we have met to talk about this, and I have nothing new to add today,  other than that we continue with our conversations with British Steel.
We are working as fast as we can.
Obviously, it is ultimately up to British Steel to decide what it wants to do and take forward, but we stand ready to support and work with it.
What steps his Department is taking to help increase the number of businesses exporting goods and services.
We recently launched Unlock Europe, a new export programme designed to help UK businesses build stronger relationships with European customers.
Last month, in Manchester, my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State launched a new pilot scheme, alongside the mayor and his team, that offers businesses in the north-west more support in selling their products and services overseas.
We are determined to do more, and will bring forward further plans in due course.
Exports from our aerospace, defence, security and space sectors contribute around £40 billion to our economy, but without additional support, many of the small businesses I speak to in Aldershot and Farnborough are limited in their ability to export.
What can Ministers do to help them, and will the Government consider reinstating the trade show access programme, closed down by the Conservatives, to help more small and medium-sized enterprises trade around the world?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we have to do more to help small businesses in particular, and businesses in general, to export more overseas.
That is one of the key, but often understated, ways in which we can deliver growth for this country.
As part of our work on a new trade strategy and a small business strategy, we are looking at further proposals to help our businesses export more.