The parental rights survey 2019 found that 89% of employee mothers took maternity leave and 70% of employee fathers took paternity leave, but take-up of shared parental leave is much lower.
In fact, it is disappointingly low, which is why we are committed to a review of the parental leave system.
Work is under way to deliver on that, and I will provide an update in due course.
I agree with the Minister: it is very disappointing.
For many parents, current maternity pay is too low, and the leave system is not flexible enough.
A recent report by the BBC said that almost half of new fathers were unaware of what was available to them.
The system is skewed, and the take-up is lower among lower earning families.
That is particularly important—this was pointed out to me by a constituent in Edinburgh West—for those with multiple births who need not only more time but more financial support during maternity leave.
Does the Minister agree that maternity pay levels need to be increased, and that the flexibility of the scheme needs to be improved, as does public awareness?
The hon.
Member makes a number of points, which I am sure we will consider as part of the review we are undertaking.
The Employment Rights Bill has a number of important measures to support working families, bringing 1.5 million parents into scope for parental leave and another 32,000 into scope for paternity leave.
We are keen to build on that and we want to support families who are in work.
What recent estimate he has made of the contribution of creative industries to the economy.
The creative industries are a huge force for good in our country.
They were responsible for 2.4 million jobs last year, and more than £124 billion for our GDP in 2022.
They are one of eight growth sectors in our industrial strategy.
We are working closely with the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, and across Government, to identify what more we can do to draw out even more of the potential growth that Britain’s creative businesses can offer.
As we all settle down for Christmas, we will be watching “Mission: Impossible”, “James Bond”, “Ironclad”, and perhaps even “Call the Midwife”, which were all filmed in Medway—[Interruption.]
And also “The Great Escape”, which was not filmed in  Medway, unfortunately.
How can we make “Mission: Impossible” possible across our country when it comes to new films?
I cannot follow the impressive nature of that question, but I can tell my hon.
Friend that in the Budget my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor confirmed a new independent film tax credit, which will help to enable the successes that he has alluded to in his constituency and the surrounding area to be spread, potentially, across the country.
That will allow more businesses to set up and generate growth and wealth for our country.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of Post Office closures on high streets.
No decisions have been taken on the future of any directly managed branches, including in Chester-le-Street in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
The Post Office continues to work with local communities, and others, to consider how best to meet the need for post office services in a local area.
The Government set minimum access criteria to ensure that 99% of the UK population live within 3 miles of a post office, and those Government-set access criteria ensure that, regardless of changes, services remain within reach of all citizens.
The post office in Chester-le-Street has been at the heart of the community in North Durham since 1936, and offers vital services to my constituents.
Does the Minister agree that keeping those services accessible is vital to keeping footfall on our high streets and encouraging other businesses to locate themselves there?
I recognise the significance of the post office in my hon.