Of course, that will not solve all the problems overnight; it is a down payment on the work that we will do, and are already doing, to reform SEND and get the resources in, which is vital to our education sector.
The hon.
Lady also raised the issue of teachers’ pay.
I am proud that one of this Government’s first acts was to agree to the independent pay review body’s recommendation of the pay rise that they had long deserved, and we will continue to support our education sector in respect of all its needs.
This week some year 8 students from Ark Blake academy, in my constituency, wrote to me raising concerns about food security both globally and locally.
They highlighted the impact of conflict on access to food, the unacceptable increase in the number of food banks in our country, and the shocking rise in the number of children skipping lunch because their family cannot afford it.
Will the Leader of the House allow time for a debate on what the Government can do to improve access to food both here and at home, and will she join me in thanking the pupils from Ark Blake for raising these important issues?
I am delighted to join my hon.
Friend in congratulating those pupils on raising the issue of food poverty, especially at a time of year when the people’s needs in relation to both food and presents—Christmas poverty—are so stark.
We all see that in our constituencies.
I am sure that this would make a very good topic for a debate, and I expect we will shortly hear from the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee!
Your wish is my command.
In addition to the business that the Leader of the House has announced, on  Tuesday 7 January , with your permission, Mr Speaker, there will be a debate in Westminster Hall on pay gaps in the workplace, and on  Thursday 9 January , provided that that date is provided for us, there will be two debates, one on seizing frozen Russian assets to fund Ukraine, and the other on the impact of food and diet on obesity—which will be quite appropriate after the Christmas festivities.
May I urge colleagues who wish to participate in the pre-recess Adjournment debate next week to apply to you, Mr Speaker, to be put on the speakers list so that we know how many people are likely to want to speak?
Two years ago, on a cross-party basis, it was agreed to abolish the Vagrancy Act 1824.
The only thing that was not provided was a commencement date.
What is needed now is either a statutory instrument or further primary legislation to remove the Act from the statute book once and for all.
There appears to be a dispute between the Home Office and the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, which neither seems able to resolve.
Will the Leader of the House arrange for a statement to be made on when such legislation will be introduced, so that those who are homeless on our streets will not face being arrested but instead will be assisted?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for announcing some of the forthcoming debates.
After Christmas, I will probably very much need to attend the obesity debate—I do a mean Christmas gravy, which I am already looking forward to.
The hon.
Gentleman mentions the important matter of a commencement provision for the repeal of the Vagrancy Act.
He has done so much to bring about the changes that are needed, and I commend him for all his work.
I will ensure that the Department has heard his question, and that an update is given to him and the House at the earliest opportunity.