There are more fundamental questions to be addressed, too.
The idea of a mission is a fashionable one in policy circles, but it implies a total commitment to the goal.
How will that be reconciled with the obligation of the civil service, and the Prime Minister’s new efficiency tsar, to demonstrate short-term value for money?
How will all this be reconciled with the Government’s intense desire to campaign aggressively against those they see as their political enemies, rather than recruiting them soberly to a political consensus that could provide a sustainable basis for these missions?
I would be very interested to know what the Leader of the House thinks on these issues, and how they will shape her approach to the conduct of future business in this House.
May I start by saying how appalled I am—I am sure the whole House is—about the details that have emerged on the murder of Sara Sharif?
May I say, on behalf of the Government, that nothing is more important than keeping children safe?
We are committed to further reform of children’s social care and much stronger safeguards for children being taken into home education.
That is long overdue and further details will be announced imminently.
I take this opportunity to congratulate the new Chair of the Liaison Committee, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hackney South and Shoreditch (Dame Meg Hillier) .
I know the Prime Minister is very much looking forward to his regular appearances before it.
I also congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Northumberland (David Smith)  on his appointment as the UK special envoy for freedom of religion or belief.
I am sure he is looking forward to his very frequent and very regular meetings with  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) .
I also remind the House that the Modernisation Committee’s call for views ends next Monday.
We have had huge interest in this agenda from Members old and new.
I encourage everyone to submit their ideas.
I thought we might have had a little bit more Christmas cheer from  the right hon.
Member for Hereford and South Herefordshire (Jesse Norman) , but it was another rather strange and confused contribution.
Perhaps he can work on his Christmas jokes a bit more ahead of next week’s business questions.
Let me share some merry news instead, Mr Speaker.
We are making the big changes that people voted for: rebuilding Britain and fixing the mess that the Conservatives left us; reshaping the state and society to put ordinary people at the front of the queue.
Over half our King’s Speech programme is progressing through Parliament: the biggest change for workers in a generation, giving security and dignity at work; putting powers back in the hands of renters so that they can get the secure, quality tenancies they deserve; switching on Great British Energy for lower bills and energy security; bringing rail services back into public ownership, already delivering better reliability; taking on water bosses to clean up our waterways; and reforming our planning laws to build more affordable homes.
The right hon.
Gentleman does not like it, but nobody can deny that these are the big necessary changes in the service of ordinary people, rooted in our values.
And yes, we have a plan for change—the right hon.
Gentleman asked about it—and we are delivering it.
The country voted for change: they voted to change from the Conservatives’ government and record; they voted to improve their living standards; they voted to change the NHS; and they voted because they wanted this country to be fixed.
He raises defence and social care spending.
Perhaps that is his best Christmas joke so far, because the Conservatives’ record on that is woeful.
We will not take any lectures from them on that, I am afraid.