Transport is a great element of that, whether in my constituency or in hers.
I assure her that the needs that she articulates are considered at the highest levels of Government.
What steps his Department is taking to support the delivery of the funding plans outlined in the Chancellor of the Exchequer’s Mansion House speech.
What steps his Department is taking to support the delivery of the funding plans outlined in the Chancellor of the Exchequer’s Mansion House speech.
Growth is the Government’s No.
1 mission and, in her Mansion House speech, the Chancellor announced a package of reforms to drive growth and investment across the UK.
I have lost count of the number of times I have had conversations with businesses where they talked about how our appetite for risk is not in the right place, and we are looking to reform that.
Here in DBT, we are driving change through our new industrial strategy working across Departments, which we will publish in the spring.
High-growth companies across Buckingham and Bletchley rely on foreign direct investment for their growth and innovation.
Will the Minister set out the steps her Department and the Minister for Investment are taking to ensure that the Office for Investment can attract more foreign private investment to help the high- potential industries in which Britain excels?
We have an expanded Office for Investment, which brings together the Department for Business and Trade, No.
10 and the Treasury.
Our Investment Minister is working at pace travelling around the world to bring in investment.
I met her and the Office for Investment this week, and we are in constant dialogue about how we can bring more foreign direct investment into the country, building on the £63 billion announced at the investment summit, and how we can kick-start the economy after 14 years of failure.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer mentioned growth over 40 times in her superb Mansion House speech.
York, Leeds and beyond will benefit from that.
How will my hon.
Friend ensure that the industrial strategy delivers for financial services so that we can achieve the growth this country desperately needs?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the UK’s world-leading financial services sector.
Through the Treasury, we are developing a 10-year financial services strategy and, of course, financial services is one of the pillars of our industry strategy, which we will publish in the spring.
We cannot take the UK’s status as a global financial centre for granted.
In a highly competitive world, we need to earn that status and work to keep it, and that is what we intend to do.
What steps his Department is taking to help increase the size of the co-operative sector.
The Government are committed to doubling the size of the mutuals and co-op sector.
The creation of Great British Energy will help drive a significant expansion in the number of energy co-operatives, while work to modernise co-op, credit union and mutual law to drive expansion was recently announced by Treasury colleagues.
We will work particularly closely with the recently established mutual and co-operative business council on this agenda.
We will bring forward further proposals in due course.
Co-operative businesses can be the life- blood of our towns and communities.
In my constituency, I have been working with stakeholders and interested parties to bring about a community co-operative bookshop, following the closure of independent bookshops in Southport in recent years due to the cost of living.
May I take this opportunity to encourage new expressions of interest in the bookshop, and to ask the Minister to confirm what more support the Government can provide for our co-operative sector, so that towns like mine can see a thriving high street built around our community?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to underline the positive community impacts that co-operatives, mutual businesses and social enterprises can have not only on our high streets, but in our communities more generally.