I might be biased, but I thought that the international investment summit that we held was the best day of this year.
That was not just because of the investment and the real tangible jobs that came from it, but because of the clear, simple message that we could put out there: stability, openness and improving the investment environment.
I am delighted to hear the news from Wales.
Not only will we support that, but I appreciate the strong working relationship we have on such issues as Port Talbot and getting a better deal for that community and the workforce.
We have worked hand in glove with the Welsh Labour Government, and it strengthens the things we are able to do together.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Tomorrow—on Friday the 13th—the EU’s general product safety regulation comes into effect.
Businesses are telling me that the  additional costs will mean that they can no longer sell to the EU and to Northern Ireland.
What steps is the Department taking to ensure that small businesses are supported as the regulation comes into effect?
As the hon.
Lady rightly pointed out, the regulation comes into force tomorrow.
Actually, it covers things that most businesses are doing already, but we have provided guidance for businesses, including online marketplaces, on how the regulation will apply in Northern Ireland.
We will continue to engage with businesses and online marketplaces to ensure that we are supporting them in dealing with this new regulation.
I declare an interest as an officer of the all-party parliamentary group on critical minerals.
Although Cornwall sits on some of the richest deposits of critical minerals in the world, including tin and lithium in my constituency of Camborne, Redruth and Hayle, there are significant geological reserves right across the United Kingdom, including in the north of England, Northern Ireland and the lands of our Celtic cousins in Wales and Scotland.
Will the Minister confirm that domestic critical mineral production and processing will form a key part of the Government’s industrial strategy?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s question, and I welcomed the time we spent together at South Crofty tin mine, which was also one of my favourite visits of the year.
This is a hugely exciting area, and the opportunities for his area are particularly exciting.
What we need is an open, transparent trading system where these products will have the certainty of access to markets, which will unlock the ability to use those deposits to our and our allies’ mutual interests.
Farmers in my constituency maintain the highest animal welfare standards.
They want reassurance that those will not be undercut by any future UK-US trade deal as they were by some of the deals done by the previous Government.
Will the Minister assure me that the mandate and the detail of a trade deal will come to the House before the Government sign it, as many Members on the Government Front Bench agreed when they were in opposition?
If not, why not?
There is an established process in taking forward the Government’s discussions in relation to the mandate.
On animal welfare standards, the Secretary of State has already alluded to how there was clearly considerable divergence during the previous attempts to conclude a free trade agreement with the United States.
I assure the House that we as a new Government continue to take issues of animal welfare extremely seriously.
In Norwich, we have many amazing businesses such as the Norwich Glass Company, Café 193 and Great Eastern Model Railways that I visited recently.
One of the challenges that they, the Norfolk chamber of commerce and the Federation of Small Businesses have raised is attracting skilled staff.
Will the Secretary of State set out how the Government’s skills plan will support such businesses to attract the staff they need?
I recognise what my hon.