He raises defence and social care spending.
Perhaps that is his best Christmas joke so far, because the Conservatives’ record on that is woeful.
We will not take any lectures from them on that, I am afraid.
The truth is that we are six weeks into the new Leader of the Opposition’s tenure and the Conservatives’ strategy for opposition is as clear as mud.
They seem to have learnt nothing.
They have no new ideas.
They disown their record one day and defend it the next.
Perhaps instead of the right hon.
Gentleman’s ridiculous tired commentary, they could reflect and apologise for the mess they left, and ensure that the country gets the change it deserves.
rose—
The Leader of the House rightly mentioned a live case.
I hope nobody will add to that, because it is in the courts at the moment.
Next year, Bradford district will take on the honour of city of culture.
My constituency will be hosting events celebrating local artists and our industrial heritage.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in wishing Bradford 2025 well, and will she consider granting time for a debate on the contribution of northern cities to our British culture?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Bradford as the city of culture.
She is absolutely right to point out how much of our British culture is rooted in our northern cities like Bradford, Manchester and others—Chorley and elsewhere, Mr Speaker.
I am sure that will make a great topic for a debate.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
This week the Institute for Fiscal Studies has warned us that local authorities’ special educational needs and disabilities deficit is currently £3.3 billion, and that without proper reform it could rise to £8 billion within three years.
It is clear that, even with the deficit at £3.3 billion, the Government’s Budget announcement of £1 billion is less than a third of what local authorities need for SEND just to allow them to stand still.
Meanwhile, according to analysis by Special Needs Jungle, the £740 million of capital funding announced recently is less than the average amount of similar funding over the last three years—and besides, it is capital funding, which means buildings and equipment.
I am not saying that the money is not welcome, but what is the point of having more classrooms if we do not have the teachers, teaching assistants and support staff to fill them?
Online reports suggest that the Education Secretary told teaching unions this week that schools would have to find money for their underwhelming 2.8% pay increase from efficiency savings in existing budgets.
She suggested, I understand—I am checking my notes, because it seems a little optimistic—that schools could pay for it by switching their bank and energy providers.
Will the Leader of the House ask the Education Secretary to come to the House as a matter of urgency to lay out her plans for education and special educational needs?
Nothing that the Government have announced so far is going to make things better, and there are children’s lives at stake.
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising the issue of special educational needs.
She is entirely right: the crisis that was left in SEND support in our schools was appalling—it was one of the terrible legacies of the Conservative Government— and demand is higher than ever.
This is one of the big issues facing the education sector, which is why in the Budget, as the hon.
Lady rightly pointed out, we announced an extra £1 billion for SEND, the biggest uplift that it has received for many years.
Of course, that will not solve all the problems overnight; it is a down payment on the work that we will do, and are already doing, to reform SEND and get the resources in, which is vital to our education sector.
The hon.
Lady also raised the issue of teachers’ pay.