Measures such as the industrial strategy and the decisions we have taken in the Budget—albeit some are difficult—will help to bring  back economic stability to this country.
In the long run, that will help businesses in his constituency and, indeed, in constituencies up and down the country.
On Small Business Saturday recently, I had the pleasure of visiting Derby’s small businesses of various types, which are the beating heart of our city.
However, as our planned city centre regeneration project recognises, empty shops on our high street do not reflect the high-performing, high-technology economy that we are so proud to have in Derby.
Building on the new community right to buy, what more can the Department do to ensure that community groups receive the correct business advice and support to use this new right and to breathe new life and vibrancy into our high streets?
I commend my hon.
Friend not only for his work recently on Small Business Saturday, but as the leader of Derby council in driving the town centre regeneration work that he mentioned.
We are determined to establish a small business growth service to provide better support and information to small businesses so that entrepreneurs in this country can take advantage of new powers to set up small businesses on the high street, perhaps capitalising on the high-tech, high-growth sectors of the economy to which Derby has access, and in that way making sure that we see benefits from the industrial strategy not just for bigger businesses, but for smaller businesses.
My hon.
Friend will know from his visit to Gateshead this week some of the fantastic small businesses we have on our high street, but also some of the incredible challenges faced by so many high streets and town centres.
With that in mind, will he tell us what the Government are doing on access to finance for small businesses?
Despite the considerable cold, I very much enjoyed my recent visit to Gateshead town centre, and I was impressed by the dynamism of the businesses that he and I met at his instigation in the railway quarter.
One of the things we are determined to do is to increase access to finance for small businesses up and down the country.
That is why we have provided over £1 billion across this year and next year for the British Business Bank, particularly to drive access to finance for small businesses such as the ones to which he introduced me.
I call the shadow Minister.
One of the ingredients for a successful high street is having a post office in the mix.
The Government have inherited a network of 11,500 post offices, and that number has been stable since 2010.
Will the Minister commit to supporting high streets by maintaining the scale of the post office network in this Parliament?
Yes, we are determined to maintain and, indeed, strengthen the post office network.
I suspect that the hon.
Member will recognise that we inherited a Post Office with huge problems, which we are working with the new leadership of the Post Office to begin to tackle.
We are looking at what new commercial opportunities there may be for the Post Office, and banking appears to be the most significant one.
We are also  working with the Post Office to identify some of its infrastructure problems, not least in developing a replacement for the Horizon scheme.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of levels of take up of parental leave.
The parental rights survey 2019 found that 89% of employee mothers took maternity leave and 70% of employee fathers took paternity leave, but take-up of shared parental leave is much lower.
In fact, it is disappointingly low, which is why we are committed to a review of the parental leave system.
Work is under way to deliver on that, and I will provide an update in due course.