McLaren is a Great British icon and on behalf of the Government, I congratulate it.
Last week, the University of Northampton published its economic impact assessment, which showed that for every £1 of income it receives, it generates £4 in my local economy, and that 54% of graduates entered full-time jobs in the  health and education sectors, compared with 38% nationally.
Will the Leader of the House join me in recognising the importance of universities such as mine to local economies?
Will she also make Government time to support fair funding for universities, such as the University of Northampton?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating the University of Northampton.
It sounds like it has a strong track record.
He will know that we have inherited a really difficult situation when it comes to higher education funding in this country, but the Secretary of State for Education is focused on that matter and I know that she will keep the House updated on her plans.
Will the Leader of the House allow time for a debate so that we can pay tribute to our young sporting heroes?
I am sure that all Members have many examples, but 22-year-old cyclist Oscar Onley from Kelso was recently awarded the title of male rider of the year by Scottish Cycling after becoming the first Scottish-developed rider to start the Tour de France for 31 years.
Will she take this opportunity to congratulate Oscar on behalf of us all?
Absolutely.
I join the hon.
Member in congratulating Oscar on his fantastic achievement.
Oscar was really breaking some ground there—cycling in the Tour de France as a Scottish-developed cyclist.
Pippa, Britain’s first ever illegal vape sniffer dog, won a special hero award this week from the Chartered Trading Standards Institute.
Springer spaniel Pippa was honoured along with Rochdale trading standards and police for their work seizing vapes targeted at children by organised crime groups.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating Pippa and the Rochdale team on their dogged detective work?
Now that is a good Christmas joke!
That’s how to tell ‘em, I say.
I absolutely join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Pippa on her very paws-itive work. [
Hon.
Members: “Urgh”.]
Never mind.
Perhaps the team want to come to Manchester Central to clear up some of the vapes we have there.
In Sawtry, in my constituency of Huntingdon, Freda and John Grace have created a Christmas display at their home to rival the bright lights of Regent Street.
They have overcome the damage from Storm Bert, rebuilt the display and opened their home for all to enjoy, raising £267 on opening night alone.
The lights will be on every afternoon until 9 pm, until  1 January , should anybody wish to look at them—I am looking here at  the hon.
Member for Peterborough (Andrew Pakes) , if he should find himself passing by.
Will the Leader of House join me in congratulating Freda and John on their fantastic effort to raise money for charity and to spread some Christmas cheer?
Can she make time in the parliamentary schedule to celebrate fundraisers in all our constituencies, especially during this Christmas period?
May I join the hon.
Member in congratulating and thanking Freda and John for their very generous activities and all their fundraising work?
He is absolutely right that we should all come together as often as we can in this House to congratulate and celebrate our constituents for the great work that they do.