Friend for raising that important matter.
Given the sums of money involved, I can understand why that is a substantial issue for businesses in her constituency.
It relates to the duties that were charged at a time of significant political uncertainty.
This is a Treasury issue relating to taxation, but I promise we will get her the meeting she needs, and work with her to ensure that she gets the answers she requests for her constituents.
I call the shadow Minister.
There is no clearer pointer on business confidence than the Bank of England’s recent survey on employers’ responses to the Budget.
Some 59% expect lower profit margins;  54% expect to raise prices; 54% expect lower employment; and 38% expect to pay lower wages than they otherwise would have.
Now City AM reports that Labour has carelessly lost all its business backers.
Will the Secretary of State show any contrition, admit that business confidence is through the floor, and start standing up for business, rather than the Treasury?
Well, what can I say?
Was it the Conservative party that increased corporation tax from 19% to 25% in one Budget, and that crashed business investment and confidence because of the way it mishandled Brexit, failing to prepare for either outcome of a yes/no referendum?
And which Opposition Front Benchers played a role in the mini-Budget?
Frankly, it was all of them.
With respect to the hon.
Gentleman, I will not take advice from him.
Since the Budget, I have heard repeatedly from Conservative colleagues that they want to lower taxes and increase spending, even though they cannot account for the promises that they made when in government.
That is not credible unless they engage with reality, as this Government are doing.
Whether it is the response to the Chancellor’s speech at Mansion House or finally sorting out Marks & Spencer this week, this Government are getting on with the job and looking to the future.
Sorry seems to be the hardest word. [
Interruption.]
I am talking about the Government’s Budget.
Further proof of how low business confidence is getting under this Government was given in evidence to the Employment Rights Bill Committee.
Jane Gratton of the British Chamber of Commerce predicted
“a reduced hiring appetite were this legislation to come in, and that”
their members
“would be less likely to recruit new employees due to the risk and difficulty, particularly under the day one rights”.––[Official Report, Employment Rights Public Bill Committee,  26 November 2024 ; c. 8, Q2.]
If business confidence is low, employment goes down.
We already know that every Labour Government leave unemployment higher than when they took office, but is it not a bit extreme for this Labour Government to legislate for that outcome?
If the hon.
Gentleman googles that statistic, he will find that it is not actually true, but I appreciate that it is demanding being in opposition, and that there may not always be the capacity and resources required.
As we heard on the excellent Second Reading of that legislation, the vast majority of employers in the UK already operate to a higher standard than the level to which the floor is being raised in the Employment Rights Bill.
I do not in any way pull back from saying that some of the most vulnerable, insecure and low paid members of our society will benefit from the Bill; that is exactly what it is about.
Those people may have given up on politics or think that the mainstream political system will not deliver for them.
I reject the claim that certain industries require a supply of labour from jobs that do not give people the security and dignity that they need.
This is a set of proportionate, reasonable reforms that will make a difference—
Order.
I have a list of speakers here.
I call Munira Wilson.