Some of the things that this country needs the most could only have been delivered by a change of Government.
I simply do not believe that the Conservative party is capable of reforming the planning system or having a long-term industrial strategy, fixing our relationship with the European Union, and all the rest of it.
Yes, there have been challenges, but the Conservatives know what they left behind.
They knew  what they were doing.
There is a reason the Conservative party had no spending plans for the next financial year.
We have had to confront that reality, but we cannot have the kind of success that this country needs unless we are willing to fix the foundations and focus on the long term.
The Chancellor did that in the Budget, and the agenda of the Department for Business and Trade is extremely attractive for the future.
I call the shadow Minister.
Some of the most successful small and medium-sized businesses, which truly think long term, are owned by families, so why does the Secretary of State think that it will help his long-term growth mission for the Government to start taxing those businesses when they get passed on to the next generation?
With respect, I hear a lot of calls from the Conservatives to cut taxes and increase spending, but still no account of how they would do that.
I appreciate that sometimes the initial transfer into opposition can feel exhilarating, but there is a responsibility that comes with it.
I would like to see an account from the Conservatives of how they would pay for it.
For all tax changes across the board, we can still say with real confidence that the UK has a competitive tax system—benchmark our corporation tax, and the allowances on it, our capital gains taxes and, in this case, our inheritance taxes.
The mistake that the Conservatives make is that they forget that the adjustments to specific reliefs for businesses and agricultural property are on top of the existing inheritance tax thresholds.
Frankly, a little less scaremongering from the Opposition and a bit of focus on what is really at stake would be welcome.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Small businesses are at the heart of our local communities.
Firms such as Carbon ThreeSixty in my constituency are cutting-edge manufacturers of carbon fibre products.
However, its growth as a small business is seriously affected by its ability to attract and retain quality staff, predominantly because of the poor public transport and completely non-existent cycle routes.
These issues cut right across Departments.
I would therefore be grateful if the Secretary of State could confirm what discussions he has had with ministerial colleagues in other Departments about how rural transport infrastructure would greatly support small and medium-sized businesses.
I welcome the hon.
Member’s question.
She is right that some of the issues that most affect businesses in our constituencies often sit in other Departments.
The role of my Department is to focus on and champion those issues across all of Government, whether they sit neatly in the Department or not.
She correctly highlights the incredible and important role that rural businesses play, and their social as well as economic benefits.
Her points about transport were well made.
One of the big changes in the Budget was the ability to focus on long-term investments, which was recognised by the Office for Budget Responsibility in its assessment that the productive potential of the UK will grow significantly over the next decade because of that increased  focus—investment, investment, investment.
Transport is a great element of that, whether in my constituency or in hers.
I assure her that the needs that she articulates are considered at the highest levels of Government.
What steps his Department is taking to support the delivery of the funding plans outlined in the Chancellor of the Exchequer’s Mansion House speech.