The post office in Chester-le-Street has been at the heart of the community in North Durham since 1936, and offers vital services to my constituents.
Does the Minister agree that keeping those services accessible is vital to keeping footfall on our high streets and encouraging other businesses to locate themselves there?
I recognise the significance of the post office in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, as indeed I recognise the significance of post offices in my constituency and across the UK.
It is important to maintain access to post office services as they play a crucial role in the high street.
That is why we are determined to work with the Post Office to strengthen the network, as I alluded to earlier.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
It has been a hugely significant six months for the Department for Business and Trade.
After our record-breaking international investment summit and our industrial strategy Green Paper publication, my Department has been engaging with businesses big and small to drive growth.
Just this week we have helped to land a £500 million train-building deal with Hitachi, securing hundreds of jobs in the north-east—another promise fulfilled from the election campaign.
For smaller businesses we are reforming business rates to breathe new life into our high streets, while launching a new fair payment code, tackling late payments to SMEs, and  supporting new high street rental auctions to improve town centres.
As we have heard, our brand new business growth service will streamline SME support on everything from finance to exports.
We are also tackling the challenges that we inherited, negotiating a better deal for Tata Steel employees in Port Talbot, while progressing a UK-wide steel strategy.
Our Horizon convictions redress scheme shows that we are righting the wrongs of the past for victims of the Post Office scandal.
I look forward to working with all hon.
Members in the new year, delivering on our plan for change, going for growth, and realising a decade of national renewal.
In addition, Mr Speaker, I would like to wish you, all hon.
Members, and businesses across the UK a very merry Christmas.
Thank you, very kind.
My constituents still mourn the loss of our M&S outlet in 2015, but we are delighted that Superbowl UK has just opened in Aldershot.
These anchor retail and leisure tenants are so vital for our town centres, so what can the Government do to assist communities such as mine to ensure that we can encourage businesses to be the cornerstone and footfall drivers of our town centres?
I very much agree and welcome the question from my hon.
Friend.
I certainly recognise that high streets are going through a transition from being primarily retail centres to now having much more of a mix of retail, hospitality and leisure, and I am delighted to hear about Superbowl’s investment in Aldershot.
I am not nostalgic for a town centre or a high street that has passed; it is about how we do that transition into the future.
There is great practice around the country, whether in Aldershot or in Walthamstow, where I was recently, and the Government’s agenda is committed to delivering that.
I remind the Secretary of State that these are topical questions, and contributions should be short.
I come to the shadow Secretary of State for a good example.
One of the great British innovations is the gift of free trade, lifting billions out of poverty abroad and increasing prosperity at home.
Thanks to the Conservatives, this week the UK proudly joined the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership, a bloc that includes some of the world’s fastest-growing economies, as well as major trading partners and investors, such as Japan and Canada.