The Government are committed to tackling those issues.
The matter has been raised in business questions a number of times, so I am sure it would make a popular Backbench Business debate were he to apply for one.
Trains between Rose Hill Marple and Manchester Piccadilly are timetabled to run every 30 minutes in the morning, yet this morning, only one made it between 7 o’clock and 9 o’clock and it had only two carriages.
Such a lack of service is not unusual; it happens once or twice a week.
Since the breakdown of discussions between the conductors and  the already nationalised Northern, there have been no services on a Sunday.
That is massively impacting my constituents, who are having to reject job offers because they cannot have faith that they will get to work on time.
Will the Leader of the House allocate some Government time for a debate about services on the Hope Valley line?
I am all too well aware of the challenges on the Northern network that the hon.
Lady describes and the issues on Sundays and with cancellations and capacity.
I know that there are ongoing discussions and that this is at the top of the agenda for the Secretary of State for Transport.
I will ensure that she comes to the House as soon as she has any further information to share.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating Sussex Circus Fish Bar in Chaddesden for its 50 years of frying, and its owner Ronnie, who was two weeks old when his parents opened it?
With one in seven of us choosing to have fish and chips for Christmas dinner, a debate on the enduring contribution of chippies to our national culture and cuisine and as a focal point in our communities would be timely, allowing us to discuss how we can support and thank those high street food business that serve us at this time of year.
They’ll be cold at this rate.
I think we can agree that we are all a bit partial to some lovely fish and chips.
Ronnie’s Sussex Circus Fish Bar sounds like one place we should all be visiting.
I congratulate them as well.
My hon.
Friend might want to raise the issues she mentions in the Adjournment debate next Thursday, which is a great opportunity for people to raise issues to do with Christmas, and I am sure we will have good attendance.
Invitations to local eateries are always welcome.
I draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I am sure that the Leader of the House will agree that we should always acknowledge and congratulate Great British sporting success stories and that every Member was glued to their television on Sunday to watch McLaren secure its first constructors’ championship since 1998.
Will she join me in congratulating McLaren, that Great British icon, on its success?
Also, to make up for the apparent lack of acknowledgment from the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, can we have a debate on the value of motorsport to the British economy?
I would rather not talk about sport today, as a Manchester City fan.
Anyway, I certainly join the hon.
Member in congratulating McLaren.
My son is a big Formula 1 fan and has all the McLaren gear, so it does not go unnoticed in my house.
McLaren is a Great British icon and on behalf of the Government, I congratulate it.
Last week, the University of Northampton published its economic impact assessment, which showed that for every £1 of income it receives, it generates £4 in my local economy, and that 54% of graduates entered full-time jobs in the  health and education sectors, compared with 38% nationally.
Will the Leader of the House join me in recognising the importance of universities such as mine to local economies?