I come to the shadow Secretary of State for a good example.
One of the great British innovations is the gift of free trade, lifting billions out of poverty abroad and increasing prosperity at home.
Thanks to the Conservatives, this week the UK proudly joined the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership, a bloc that includes some of the world’s fastest-growing economies, as well as major trading partners and investors, such as Japan and Canada.
With the Government having precious little else to show on growth so far, will the Secretary of State update the House on when he expects to conclude free trade deals with the Gulf, with India and with the US?
At least we have some things we can agree on there, which is a nice start to the Christmas period.
I agree that the UK has always been and must be a champion of free trade in a world where trade issues will be politically significant in 2025.
We can work together on that future.
We believe that we have progressed the Gulf Co-operation Council trade deal significantly.
The shadow Secretary of State will know that there were some problems between the previous  Government and some countries in the GCC, particularly the UAE, where the relationship had unfortunately got into a difficult place.
We have repaired that and the talks are going well.
It is always a mistake to put a deadline on those, because it can limit our negotiating potential.
When it comes to the US, we will see what happens with the President-elect, but I am looking forward to negotiation and discussion about that.
Come on, Secretary of State.
The Secretary of State can count on our support to bring those deals forward.
It pains me to say it, but as we have heard today, business confidence is at an all-time low, bar the pandemic.
Hiring is collapsing and companies are fleeing.
Labour has talked growth, but it has delivered decline.
The one game changer now would be a US trade deal.
Will the Secretary of State urge the Prime Minister to stop obsessing about going backwards into the EU and agree with me at this Christmas time that the best gift for British business would be for the Prime Minister to get on a plane to Washington and talk trade with President Trump?
I am afraid that the shadow Secretary of State’s analysis is too simplistic.
The US is a major trade partner and always will be, but he will know that so is the European Union and another area is our trade with China.
The future for the UK is being positioned to get the maximum benefit from all those key markets.
The kind of agreement that he puts forward would have major ramifications for British agriculture in particular, and he knows the issues associated with that.
We cannot consider one of those trade negotiations without considering the impact on all those key trading relationships.
I ask him to consider the issue in a more holistic and complete way.
Further to the successful international investment summit that my right hon.
Friend mentioned earlier, which secured £63 billion-worth of investment for the UK, the First Minister of Wales, Eluned Morgan, has recently announced that Wales will hold its own major investment summit next year.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this demonstrates the power of two Labour Governments working together in partnership to deliver economic growth for the communities we represent?
I might be biased, but I thought that the international investment summit that we held was the best day of this year.
That was not just because of the investment and the real tangible jobs that came from it, but because of the clear, simple message that we could put out there: stability, openness and improving the investment environment.
I am delighted to hear the news from Wales.