I can assure her that they form part of the Government’s wider strategy.
Our ambition is to double mutuals’ size in the economy.
The Under-Secretary of State for Business and Trade, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Harrow West (Gareth Thomas) , the small business Minister, is leading on that work, and I would love my hon.
Friend and businesses from her area to be involved in it.
Last week, I had the pleasure of visiting the winners of my first Small Business Saturday awards in Southampton Itchen.
They were Riann Care, The Bunker, Miss Ellie’s Café and Julie’s Dance Studio.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating them on their role in ensuring a thriving local economy?
What assurances he can offer them that this Government have the back of small businesses?
I am extremely grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
I certainly join him in congratulating those local businesses on their work and, indeed, all Members of Parliament on the work that they do on their constituency days to champion and support local businesses.
The Government’s agenda includes long-term reform of business rates to create permanently low business rates for retail, hospitality and leisure.
The launch of high-street rental auctions, getting rid of derelict property in town centres, is also hugely exciting.
The business growth service is predominantly about recognising that although the Government do a lot, businesses can often find it hard to access exactly what they need.
I have looked around the world—to the US and its Small Business Administration, and to Singapore and its Enterprise Singapore, for example—to discover the best models.
That is what we will take forward in 2025, and I find it a hugely exciting agenda.
Last Saturday was indeed Small Business Saturday.
It was an opportunity for us to celebrate and support the many small businesses in our constituencies.
However, too many of them are really worried about the increase in national insurance contributions—the £25 billion jobs tax—and there is simply no easy answer for them.
They cannot just put up their prices, so they are looking at staffing levels.
Why are the Government so against aspiration, and how do they think they will improve productivity and deliver growth in the economy?
Conservative Members know what they left behind, and I have not heard any of them offer an alternative.
The specific answer to the right hon.
Member’s question is that employment allowance was doubled in the Budget and the threshold was taken off.
That is why 1 million, mainly smaller, businesses are paying less or the same in national insurance contributions as they were before the Budget.
She should tell the House how the Conservative party would pay for the infected blood scandal—the victims of which we are all committed to compensating—Post Office compensation, support for the steel industry, and the advanced manufacturing plan that we inherited, because none of that was in our departmental budget.
We are fixing the foundations with long-term public investment and an agenda based on higher business investment and better, stronger economic growth in every part of the UK.
The Government have raised national insurance charges on employers and introduced a family farm and a family business tax.
The Employment Rights Bill will raise business costs by £5 billion, predominantly for small businesses.
As a result of those changes, does the Secretary of State believe that SMEs will employer more or fewer people?
I have absolutely no doubt that the Government’s agenda is one for employment, business investment and growth.
Some of the things that this country needs the most could only have been delivered by a change of Government.
I simply do not believe that the Conservative party is capable of reforming the planning system or having a long-term industrial strategy, fixing our relationship with the European Union, and all the rest of it.
Yes, there have been challenges, but the Conservatives know what they left behind.