May I take this opportunity to encourage new expressions of interest in the bookshop, and to ask the Minister to confirm what more support the Government can provide for our co-operative sector, so that towns like mine can see a thriving high street built around our community?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to underline the positive community impacts that co-operatives, mutual businesses and social enterprises can have not only on our high streets, but in our communities more generally.
We recently announced a significant increase in the capital available to the British Business Bank, and that has enabled us to give £150 million of additional support to community banks, or community development finance institutions, as they are officially known.
That will help drive more lending to community businesses, potentially including the one he set out, but if there is anything I can do to support the initiative, I would be happy to meet him to discuss it.
What steps he is taking to support businesses in Northern Ireland.
Businesses in Northern Ireland, like businesses across the UK, are crying out for stability, open trade and an environment in which we can break down barriers to growth and investment, and that is what the Government are working across the board to deliver.
My Department has a team in Belfast to help stay close to businesses in Northern Ireland and to understand what they need.
Of course, we also work closely with Invest Northern Ireland, the Department for the Economy and other key partners.
I have spoken with Northern Ireland businesses during my short time in office, and I am encouraged by their passion and resilience.
Northern Ireland businesses, large and small, received just 0.6% of what the Government spent with UK defence companies between 2018 and  2023, compared with 25% in the south-east of England.
As my Committee heard when we visited Northern Ireland last week, Spirit AeroSystems, which works on high-value defence and other aerospace contracts, faces an uncertain future, as half of its 3,600-strong workforce in Belfast wait to find out whether their jobs are safe following Boeing’s buy-out of the company and the subsequent takeover by Airbus of only 50% of the work at its site in the city.
We all know what happens to supply chains, communities and individuals in these circumstances, so what discussions are Ministers having with Cabinet colleagues, with Airbus, and with other interested parties to safeguard those jobs at Spirit now and to increase Government spend with Northern Ireland defence companies in the future? [
Interruption.]
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I know it’s Christmas, but come on. [
Laughter.]
We love a long question, and it was a good one.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this issue, one that we are all of course concerned about.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State met the global chief executive officer of Airbus last week, and I have met representatives of Airbus, Boeing and Spirit AeroSystems and talked about this issue.
We care about those jobs and about the future of our defence industry in the UK—it is incredibly important to us for many reasons—so we are doing what we can to make sure there is a good outcome.
This will be a good example of a short question.
I call Jim Shannon.
Challenged already!
In the short time that the Minister has been in her role, she has shown quite clearly that she has a deep interest in Northern Ireland.
Defence, light engineering and cyber-security are all vital to jobs and the economy in Northern Ireland, but what assessment has been made of the sustainability and efficiency of Northern Ireland’s agrifood sector, and will the Minister commit to promote the productivity of that industry across the United Kingdom and, indeed, across the world?
That is as short as I can make it, Mr Speaker.
More!