This is a set of proportionate, reasonable reforms that will make a difference—
Order.
I have a list of speakers here.
I call Munira Wilson.
If he will make an assessment with the Secretary of State for Education of the potential merits of introducing a right to paid employment leave for kinship carers.
We recognise the vital role that kinship carers play in caring for vulnerable children, and the challenges that many face in balancing that care with employment.
We recently announced the largest ever investment in support for kinship carers: £40 million to trial a kinship allowance in up to 10 local authorities.
We will also review the parental leave system to ensure that it best supports all working families, and work is already under way to plan for that delivery.
I am sure the Minister will agree that kinship carers are unsung heroes, who often step up at a moment’s notice to look after a child whose parents cannot, but four in 10 are forced to give up work to do so, which means they often struggle to pay the bills or put food on the table.
Will the Minister look to right that wrong through the Employment Rights Bill, and introduce a right to paid employment leave for kinship carers, given the savings to the public purse and the better outcomes for children that arise from kinship care?
I met a kinship carer in my constituency recently who told me about the challenges the hon.
Lady has articulated.
The carer said that the most important thing to her was getting respite care—a point that we can all recognise.
We are looking at how the trial pans out.
I have spoken in detail to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes (Melanie Onn)  about the proposals coming forward, but we think it is best to see how the trial works, and to look at the wider review of the parental leave system.
What steps he is taking to support the hospitality sector.
What steps he is taking to support the hospitality sector.
Hospitality businesses are at the heart of our communities and are vital for economic growth.
The Government are creating a fairer business rates system, reducing alcohol duty on qualifying draught products and reforming the apprenticeship levy to support businesses and boost opportunities.
We are addressing strategic issues for the hospitality sector relating to high-street regeneration, skills, sustainability and productivity, and that work will be supported by the publication of the small business strategy Command Paper next year.
In Reigate, Redhill, Banstead and our villages, we have many amazing pubs that contribute hugely to the economy, such as the Garibaldi community pub in Redhill.
For those businesses to thrive, reform of the unfair business rates system by 2026 is critical.
Will the Minister commit to the proposed 20p reduction to  the small business rate multiplier, which is the absolute minimum reduction needed for the long-term sustainability of the pub sector?
The hon.
Lady will know that the Chancellor of the Exchequer committed in the recent Budget to a series of reforms to business rates, including permanently lower business rates for hospitality businesses from 2026-27.
I welcome the hon.
Lady’s support for that measure.
UKHospitality has estimated that the Budget measures will increase the cost of employing one employee by £2,500.
Shops, pubs and restaurants across my constituency have said that that will lead to higher prices or fewer jobs.
Will the Minister at least consider delaying the implementation of the national insurance contribution increase to 2026-27, when the planned realignment of business rates is due to come in?
I am sure that the right hon.
Gentleman will have noticed that in the Budget, the Chancellor more than doubled the employment allowance to £10,500.
That will mean that more than a million small businesses, many of them hospitality businesses, will see no increase in their national insurance liabilities next year.