Will the Leader of the House assist me in trying to get Government Departments to come together to unlock what is becoming a very slow process that is affecting people from a number of constituencies in the west midlands?
I am happy to look into that issue for the right hon.
Lady.
As she knows, we have had a big drive to ensure that pensioners who are eligible for pension credit get it.
We have also put extra resources into the household support fund budget for local authorities.
She highlights an issue about Departments working together better to ensure that support gets to those who need it most, and I will take up her question.
Today, the integrated care board in Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland is due to consider a paper on the removal of prescription support for people who require gluten-free products because they are coeliac.
That would mean  people in North West Leicestershire, as well as the wider Leicestershire area, will no longer have prescription services for those products from January next year.
Around 50% of trusts in England are now in that position.
I personally know how expensive it is to manage a restricted diet, and while gluten-free products are becoming more widely available, they are still extraordinarily expensive.
Will the Leader of the House offer Government time to discuss the prescription postcode lottery for people who are coeliac?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that important issue.
As she knows, the national prescribing position in England remains that gluten-free bread and mixes are provided to everybody who requires them, but, as she says, the local integrated care boards are now responsible for arranging provision in their areas.
I will ensure that the Health Secretary has heard her question and gives her a full reply.
Dalton Mills in Keighley, which has previously been the film set for “Peaky Blinders” and the like, has unfortunately experienced continual arson attacks.
The most damaging fire was back in March 2022, when £15 million of damage was caused, and the most recent arson attack happened only two days ago.
The situation is causing deep concern to many constituents across Keighley because the site, which is owned by the Crown Estate, is dangerous and derelict, and needs to be secured.
Can we have a debate in Government time on the responsibility of landowners, including the Crown Estate, to ensure that derelict sites that are dangerous are properly secured?
The situation the hon.
Gentleman describes with the film set in Keighley is deeply concerning; I will ensure that he gets a full reply about it.
The Crown Estates Bill will shortly be coming back to the House, so there may be an opportunity for him to raise the issue during its passage.
Dementia is the leading cause of death in the United Kingdom.
In my constituency of Wolverhampton West, it is estimated that nearly 30% of dementia cases are undiagnosed.
Will the Leader of the House make time for a debate to give dementia the political priority it deserves, so that there is earlier diagnosis, with timely social, medical and nursing care for sufferers, as well as mental health and other support for carers, and so that positive steps are taken to find a cure for dementia?
We can all relate to my hon.
Friend’s question on the blight of dementia and the suffering of those who have it and of their families.
The Government are committed to tackling those issues.
The matter has been raised in business questions a number of times, so I am sure it would make a popular Backbench Business debate were he to apply for one.
Trains between Rose Hill Marple and Manchester Piccadilly are timetabled to run every 30 minutes in the morning, yet this morning, only one made it between 7 o’clock and 9 o’clock and it had only two carriages.