There is now an ongoing legal process that must be allowed to take its course, but I would like to reassure the public that while these cases are extremely rare, the Justice Secretary has launched an internal investigation about how this could happen, as well as an independent investigation of the incident so that we can learn the lessons from this case and ensure that it never happens again.
The truth is, the Government are presiding over mayhem in the criminal justice system.
Only a few short months ago, Zara Aleena’s family said that Ministers had—these are their words—“blood on their hands”  after probation failures that led to her murder, so it beggars belief that we are back here once again.
The chief inspector of prisons said that conditions in Wandsworth were so bad that it should be shut down.
The Chancellor is telling anyone who will listen that he raised concerns months ago.
Probation, school buildings, and now prisons—why does the Prime Minister keep ignoring the warnings until it is too late?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman, with his background, should know better.
Because of the wide variety and considerable difference in severity of people charged under that Act, it is not, and has never been, the policy that they are all held in category A prisons.
It should not need me to point that out to him, given his experience.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about resourcing.
I am happy to tell him that, over the last few years, we have delivered an extra 4,000 new prison officers.
Staffing levels at Wandsworth in particular are up by 25% in the past six years and, because we are boosting prison pay, we are also improving retention.
At the same time, we are investing £100 million to improve prison security with new measures such as X-ray body scanners.
If he wanted to have a truly honest debate about this, perhaps he would acknowledge that prison escapes were almost 10 times higher under the Labour Government than under the Conservatives. [
Interruption.]
Order.
I did say this last week, and it will continue this week: anyone who wants to start the session by leaving, please do so.
I am happy to help you on your way.
Every week, whatever the topic, the Prime Minister paints this picture as if everything is great and fine out there.
It is so at odds with the lived experience in the real world.
Let me turn to another serious security concern.
Some in this House face sanction, intimidation and threats from the Chinese state.
When I asked the Prime Minister on Monday whether the Foreign Secretary raised the specific issue of the alleged spy arrested in March when he visited China a few weeks ago, he would only say that he raised that “type of activity”, but avoided specifics.
I ask the Prime Minister again: did the Foreign Secretary raise this specific case when he visited China—yes or no?
I refer the right hon.
and learned Gentleman to my previous answer, where I said clearly that the Foreign Secretary raised these issues with the Chinese Foreign Minister, whom he met, as did I when I had my meeting with Premier Li over the weekend.
When it comes to China, the Government have put in place the most robust policy that has ever existed in our country’s foreign policy.
It is to protect our country and the values and interests we stand up for; it is to align our approach with our closest allies, including those in the G7 and Five Eyes; and it is to engage—where it makes sense—either to advance our interests or, as I did at the weekend, to raise our very significant concerns.
That is the right approach to China.
It is one that is welcomed by each and every one of our allies.
I would be interested to know what he thinks he would do differently.