That is what we legislated to allow it to do, and we will continue to comply with that.
Meanwhile, it will not distract us from getting on with our plan for water and holding water companies to account.
Water companies have dumped sewage more than 1 million times over the past three years.
Now we find out that instead of standing up to the water companies, the Government seem to have been complicit in letting them break the law.
Beyond the Government’s own failures, has this sewage crisis not been driven by under-investment, while £72 billion was handed out to shareholders since privatisation?
Is it not time to put an end to this racket and restore water as a proper public service?
I understand that the hon.
Member comes from the very left wing of the Labour party, and that that will continue to be his mantra.
I understand, however, that it is not the position of his party to nationalise water, because it recognises that about £190 billion-worth of investment has gone into water infrastructure since privatisation.
Clearly the scale of what needs to be done in the next few years is considerably greater than we have seen before.
At the same time, back in 2006 we had one of the biggest dividends going, and the gearing of Thames Water was changed.
Frankly, the Labour Government then did not do anything about it.
That is key to one of the situations that we face at the moment, but meanwhile we will continue to get on.
I am confident that with the Thames tideway tunnel opening next year we will have good sewage channelling and will be able to deal with that in London.
The work continues, including things such as nature-based management practices, in order to help in Yorkshire as well.
I know that his water company is looking into that too.
19 July  last year was the hottest day on record in the UK.
Temperatures exceeded 40°C in some places during a dry spell, yet water companies that responded to a BBC investigation admitted to so-called “dry spills” of sewage that day.
The Environment Secretary was reported as saying that it “does seem extraordinary”, but that the Environment Agency “is the regulator”.
Given that it was the hottest day, when people were inadvertently bathing in sewage, why does the Environment Secretary wash her hands of it?
I am conscious of the investigation that the BBC undertook.
The Environment Agency and the Department do not agree with its assessment of the data.
That does not mean, of course, that there have not been sewage spills on dry days.
That is why it is part of the investigation.
It is part of fixing the problem, and we will continue to do that.
The Secretary of State knows Gill Rider from history—the chair of Pennon Group, which owns South West Water.
I have heard what the Secretary of State has said, but surely the time has come to get these companies and their leadership under control.
South West Water is a disgrace.
It is leaking.
It is treating its customers with utter contempt.
Secretary of State, please sit on these companies and make them do the job that they are meant to, which is to stop this now.
Unlimited penalties are available to the Environment Agency and there is already a criminal investigation under way.
I know my hon.
Friend has secured a Westminster Hall debate next week to discuss it in further detail, and my hon.
Friend the water Minister will reply substantially to the many detailed points that I am sure he will raise.
It was my constituent Mr Latimer who was responsible for the law change stating that sewage should only be discharged during exceptional circumstances.
He knows, as we all know, that it is this Government who are actively enabling the water companies and regulators to get away with dumping sewage into our rivers and our oceans.