According to Office for Budget Responsibility and UK Government projections, the UK will see between £50 billion and £80 billion in revenue from North sea oil and gas over the next five years.
While it is welcome that the Acorn project can now bid for funding, it is important to know that not a penny has been committed.
Can the Minister tell me what discussions the Secretary of State has had with  Government colleagues to secure at minimum a share of those revenues—say £1 billion over five years—to rapidly accelerate Scotland’s carbon capture industry?
If not, does that mean he is content to see Scotland’s people stripped of their vast natural resources without a single penny of that £80 billion being invested in Scotland’s carbon capture ambitions?
I am not sure whether the hon.
Gentleman actually listened to my first answer, but more than £40 million has been allocated by the United Kingdom Government to the development of this technology.
The Government will commence engagement and assessment of delivery plans and due diligence on the Acorn and Viking transportation and storage systems and will engage with them directly in respect of the next steps to develop those.
We will set out the process by which capture products in track 2 will be selected to meet the stated ambitions in due course.
What recent steps his Department has taken to help support the Scottish economy.
When it comes to growth, the hon.
Lady will have noted that the economic data shows that we have recovered better from the pandemic than France, Italy or Germany.
Supporting economic growth in Scotland remains a core priority of the Scotland Office, exemplified through our work in investing in the city and regional growth deals and in delivering freeports and investment zones in Scotland, which has brought tens of millions of pounds in investment and has created highly paid jobs.
There is huge potential for offshore wind in Scotland and it is an important part of the transition to a green economy there.
What conversations will the Minister be having with the offshore wind sector following the absolutely disastrous contracts for difference round last week?
I personally engage with all sectors of the energy market, including the offshore wind sector.
We are very pleased with the announcements that have been made following the announcements last week and will continue to engage with the sector to see it develop across Scotland and other parts of the United Kingdom.
We come to the shadow Secretary of State.
I join the Secretary of State in saying how gutted we are about the football result last night—but mark my words, we will be seeking revenge in Germany at the European championships next year.
I take this opportunity to thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Blaydon (Liz Twist) , who was in the shadow Scotland team but has moved on to do new things after the reshuffle, and to welcome to the Scotland team my hon.
Friend  the Member for Keir Hardie’s old seat, Merthyr Tydfil and Rhymney (Gerald Jones) .
He is very welcome.
Last week, it was revealed that the former Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , had secured a book deal.
Her book is titled “Ten Years to Save the West”, but it might have been better focusing on the 44 days it took her and her Government, with the support of the Scottish Secretary, to crush the economy.
Does the Minister accept that Scots will be paying the price for years to come for the Tories’ kamikaze handling of the economy?
As the hon.
Gentleman well knows, the economic challenges we face here in the United Kingdom are no different from those faced by other economies around the world.
They have been entirely caused by the illegal war in Ukraine and the covid pandemic.