I will endeavour to arrange a meeting for him with colleagues in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs as soon as possible.
What discussions he has held with Cabinet colleagues and the Scottish Government on the effectiveness of the steps being taken to reduce rates of (a) poverty and (b) inequality in Scotland.
The United Kingdom Government are committed to a sustainable approach to tackling poverty and supporting people on lower incomes.
We have made substantial investment to help to mitigate the worst of the cost of living impacts, including welfare spending of around £276 billion.
The best route out of poverty, of course, is through work.
Therefore, our focus remains firmly on supporting people to move into and progress in work.
Scotland has the lowest rates of child poverty in the UK, with the game-changing Scottish child payment helping more than 300,000, and lifting 50,000 of them out of poverty.
Why do the UK Government continue to refuse to follow such a successful example?
The UK Government have ensured that the cost of living challenges have been tackled by working in tandem with the Scottish Government and using reserved and devolved levers to get the best outcomes for everybody across Scotland.
The benefit cap levels have been increased by 10.1% from  1 April .
The national living wage has increased by 9.7% to £10.42 an hour for workers aged 23 years and over.
Overall, this Government are working to deliver for the most vulnerable in society, and will do so in conjunction with our partners in the Scottish Government.
I call the shadow Minister.
After 16 years of SNP Government and 13 years of the Tories, one in four children in Scotland lives in poverty.
There are 40,000 more children in poverty compared with a decade ago, and this week it was revealed that three members of the Scottish Government’s own Poverty and Inequality Commission had resigned.
Does the Minister agree that both the Scottish and the UK Governments should be working more urgently and more effectively to tackle child poverty?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman to his new position.
The UK Government are committed to protecting the most vulnerable in our society and we have taken decisive steps to do that, including UK-wide additional spending of £137.5 billion in benefits for pensioners, £67.9 billion in benefits to support disabled people and people with health conditions and £114.3 billion in working-age benefits and child welfare.
We have also uprated benefits and pension credit in line with inflation and have raised the national living wage to help to protect the most vulnerable.
We will continue to keep the situation under review, but this Government have continually demonstrated our commitment to the most vulnerable across Scotland.
What recent discussions he has held with Cabinet colleagues on supporting the development of carbon capture, utilisation and storage in Scotland.
Carbon capture, utilisation and storage will be essential to meeting the UK’s 2050 net zero target, playing a vital role in levelling up the economy, supporting the low-carbon economic transformation of our industrial regions and creating new high-value jobs across the United Kingdom.
In Scotland, the Acorn cluster has been allocated more than £40 million in development funding by the Government and has been selected, subject to final due diligence, for track 2 CCUS cluster sequencing.
According to Office for Budget Responsibility and UK Government projections, the UK will see between £50 billion and £80 billion in revenue from North sea oil and gas over the next five years.
While it is welcome that the Acorn project can now bid for funding, it is important to know that not a penny has been committed.
Can the Minister tell me what discussions the Secretary of State has had with  Government colleagues to secure at minimum a share of those revenues—say £1 billion over five years—to rapidly accelerate Scotland’s carbon capture industry?