What recent discussions he has held with the Scottish Government on the impact of increases in the cost of living on people in (a) the UK and (b) Scotland.
Our Government have taken assertive action on the cost of living.
UK-wide support for households to help with higher energy bills is worth £94 billion, or £3,300 per household on average.
The United Kingdom Government’s focus has been on supporting everyone with the cost of living with specific targeted support and tailored interventions for the most vulnerable.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
He will know that, like his constituents, my constituents in Edinburgh West still face the impact of food inflation, higher energy bills and unfair standing charges for electricity.
However, we also now face the potential bombshell of a council tax hike by the Scottish Government, which will affect 14,500 households in Edinburgh West that will have to pay more than £2,000 a year.
Will the UK Government be speaking to the Scottish Government—[Interruption.]
If SNP Members do not mind!
Will the UK Government be speaking to the Scottish Government to try to mitigate this, and what steps do they have in mind to do so?
I share the hon.
Lady’s concerns about the SNP-Green Government’s bombshell tax plans to hike up the tax burden for many households, with people already facing pressures on their household budgets.
As she will know, along with the record block grant, the spring Budget provided the Scottish Government with an extra £320 million over the next two years, on top of the £1.5 billion of additional funding that we provided in the autumn statement of 2022.
Our economic priorities of halving inflation and growing the economy are the most effective way of supporting her constituents.
What recent assessment he has made of the strength of the Union.
I believe that support for the Union is strong.
The United Kingdom is one of the most successful political and economic unions in the world, and the foundation on which all our businesses and citizens are able to thrive.
When we work collaboratively, we are safer, stronger and more prosperous.
While the SNP’s First Minister whips up grievance politics at independence rallies, Scotland’s NHS goes backwards, Scotland’s ferries do not work and Scotland’s economy stagnates.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is about time that the SNP stopped obsessing about another independence referendum, and started delivering for the people of Scotland?
I agree with my hon.
Friend, and I could not have put it better myself.
Is the truth of the Union not that while we see independent Norway and independent Ireland in budget surplus—independent Ireland with a surplus this year of €10 billion, rising to €23 billion in the next three years—the Scottish Government cannot build small hospitals on small Scottish islands?
Is the answer not for Scotland to remove the Westminster handcuffs and to get the independence and budget surpluses of Norway and Ireland, so that we can move forward and move away from the Brexit of the Tories and the Labour party?
They always say independence will sort the problems.
Scotland is not building hospitals on the islands because the Scottish Government are squandering the most generous settlement they have had since devolution began.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I wish to welcome a special guest who is observing our proceedings today—the Speaker of the Jordanian House of Representatives.
Mr Speaker, you are most welcome.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 13 September.
I start by paying tribute to the Clerk of the House, Sir John Benger, and thank him for his many years of distinguished service. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I will have further such meetings later today.