What she describes was not a trade deal so, first, she should get her facts right.
As I explained on Monday, there are lots of different ways in which countries will participate in solving international issues.
At the same summit she mentions, we announced a record investment in the green climate fund—the single biggest investment by this country to help with international climate finance.
That was warmly welcomed by countries at the summit, which can see that the UK is taking a leadership role and helping countries to adapt to and mitigate the impacts of climate change.
This week, we were hit by the devastating news that all Wilko stores would be closing, meaning the loss of 12,500 jobs.
Bassetlaw and Worksop are the home of Wilko’s headquarters and a distribution centre, where 1,500 jobs are set to go.
Wilko has been mismanaged for years.
In the past decade, more than £77 million has been paid out to shareholders, and recently the HQ was sold for £48 million before being leased back.
Will the Prime Minister reassure my constituents, and all those nationally who are affected by the demise of Wilko, that he and the Government will do everything in their power to help support people into jobs and make sure that their redundancy packages and pensions are protected, and that we will take whatever action is available to us to hold the ownership to account?
As my hon.
Friend knows, some of the topics he raises will be commercial matters for the company, but I do know that this is a concerning time for workers at Wilko.
My right hon.
Friend the Business Secretary is keeping close to developments and we have already started supporting those who have been made redundant, and we stand ready to support others to the fullest of our abilities.
The head of the Army, General Sir Patrick Sanders, has said that the UK must
“forge an Army capable of fighting alongside our allies and defeating Russia in battle”.
So why are the Government still pushing ahead with further cuts, of 10,000 troops, to the British Army?
Again, this is the Government who have put a record amount into our armed forces: £24 billion.
We remain the second largest investor in our defence in NATO.
As we saw at the NATO summit, other countries look to us for leadership.
How the armed forces allocate that record funding is a matter for the chiefs, to make sure that we have the capabilities we need to meet the threats of today.
That is a decision that they will make and we will back them, but no one can doubt our commitment to funding properly the armed forces and ensuring that we keep this country safe.
The Prime Minister has rightly said that democracies such as the UK, not authoritarian regimes, should lead the fight on global challenges such as development and climate change.
Given that the links between failed regimes, climate change and the number of asylum seekers are growing, will my right hon.
Friend ensure that doing  development democratically is a key theme in the White Paper on international development?
Will he also visit the Westminster Foundation for Democracy’s Garden of Democracy exhibition here in Parliament, which highlights our promotion of democratic values abroad?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting the exhibition in Portcullis House.
Members will have heard his invitation.
We are consulting widely  on the detail of the White Paper on international development and what it should say, and specifically on the role of democracy in development.
I encourage all interested organisations and individuals to share their ideas through the public consultation.
May I just say thank you to Sir John Benger, in his final Prime Minister’s questions, for his loyal service to the House?
We do appreciate it.
Thank you, Sir John.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State if she will make a statement on combined sewer overflows.