We do appreciate it.
Thank you, Sir John.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State if she will make a statement on combined sewer overflows.
With the usual courtesies, I welcome  the hon.
Member for Croydon North (Steve Reed)  to his place.
I restate that I have always been clear that the current volume of sewage discharged by water companies is totally unacceptable, and they must act urgently to improve their performance so that they meet Government and public expectations.
I confirm that the Department, the Environment Agency and Ofwat have received the information notices and will, of course, comply with their requests.
We do not agree with the Office for Environmental Protection’s assessment of our compliance with the law, and the House should note that the OEP itself has said:
“We recognise that a great deal is already being done to tackle the issue of untreated sewage discharges, and we welcome the intent of Government measures such as the Plan for Water and storm overflow targets, as well as commitments to increase investment.”
The public are rightly disgusted by sewage discharges from storm overflows, and so are the Government, which is why we have taken more action than any other Government on the issue.
I remind hon.
Members that the European Commission took the Labour Government to court in 2009 for breaches of the law.
Subsequently, we have started the construction of the Thames tideway tunnel, which is due to be completed next year.
It is taking a decade to construct.
However, a decade ago, the Conservative-led Government took action and started requiring the monitoring of storm overflows.
That work will be completed by the end of this year.
It is owing to that that the scale of the problem has been unveiled.
I note that in Wales, which is run by a Labour Government, discharge occurrences are much higher—38 times a year for outflows versus 23 in England.
The Environment Act 2021 included new powers and responsibilities, which increased understanding.
Last year, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs published the storm overflows discharge reduction plan.
That led to some of the action that we are taking.
We have been repeatedly clear that water companies’ reliance on overflows is unacceptable.
They must significantly reduce how much sewage they discharge as a priority.
We are holding them to account, and that is also true of our regulators.
I remind the House that active investigations, including an active criminal investigation, of water companies are under way.
We welcome the opportunity to set out the scale of the action that the Government are taking.
No Government in history have done more to tackle the issue.
Last year, we launched the storm overflows discharge reduction plan.
Our strict targets will lead to the toughest ever crackdown on sewage spills, and we require water companies to deliver the largest ever infrastructure programme in water company history.
I am therefore happy to answer today’s urgent question, but I say, yet again, that the Conservative Government are cleaning up the mess left by a Labour Government, and we will get on with the job.
Nothing more graphically illustrates 13 years of failed Tory government than the tide of raw sewage swilling down our rivers, into our lakes and washing up on our beaches.
The Conservatives cut the Environment Agency’s budget in half.
That led to drastic cuts in monitoring, enforcement and prosecution, which led to a drastic increase in illegal discharges, trashing nature, damaging tourism and putting kids’ health at risk.
This Government are up to their necks in a sewage crisis of their own making.
And now, in an absolutely unprecedented move, the Office for Environmental Protection tells us that the Government may have broken the law themselves in allowing all of this.
It identifies possible failures to comply with environmental law by the Secretary of State’s own Department, the Environment Agency and Ofwat.
This Government have broken the entire regulatory system.