Members: “Hear, hear.”]
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I will have further such meetings later today.
The wealth of billionaires has skyrocketed over the past decade, while average working households in the UK have the lowest living standards since the 1950s.
While hard-working families are struggling to make ends meet, the wealthy are playing by a different set of rules, with reports that even Members of the House of Lords are trying to exploit the non-dom status loophole to avoid paying their fair share.
Does the Prime Minister agree that whether it is the wife of the most powerful man in the country or the host of “The Apprentice”, no billionaire should qualify for special tax treatment while my constituents face soaring levels of inequality and poverty?
The facts tell a very different story from what the hon.
Gentleman said.
He mentioned inequality; inequality today is lower than it was in 2010.
He mentioned the number of people in poverty.
Again, I am pleased to say that 1.7 million fewer people are in poverty today than in 2010, including many in Scotland.
Of course we understand that things are challenging right now with the cost of living.
That is why we have put in place record support to help families, particularly with their energy bills and particularly for the most vulnerable in our society, with record amounts of cost of living payments going to millions across the country, including in Scotland, showing the power of the United Kingdom Government.
Thanks to this Conservative Government, we have the opportunity to be the first country in the world to end new cases of HIV by 2030.
That is partially down to our world-leading opt-out HIV testing programme that has been rolled out in very high prevalence areas.
To reach this goal and to make this progress, we must roll out opt-out testing to other high prevalence areas, such as the west midlands, including my constituency of West Bromwich East.
Will the Prime Minister commit to meeting me and the incredible Terrence Higgins Trust to hear more about the merits of opt-out testing?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue and thank her for her work in this area.
We remain absolutely committed to ending new HIV transmissions within England by 2030, and I am pleased that she highlighted that the provisional data from NHS England indicates that the opt-out testing programme has been highly successful.
The Department of Health and Social Care is currently evaluating the impact of the programme with a view to deciding whether it should be expanded to additional areas, and I know Ministers will keep her and the House updated.
We come to the Leader of the Opposition.
I join the Prime Minister in his words about the Clerk of the House.
I pay tribute to the police who tracked down the escaped terror suspect from Wandsworth prison last week.
Despite being charged with terrorism, and despite being a flight risk, he was not held in a category A prison.
Why not?
I thank the police and their partners for their efforts to find and arrest Daniel Khalife.
There is now an ongoing legal process that must be allowed to take its course, but I would like to reassure the public that while these cases are extremely rare, the Justice Secretary has launched an internal investigation about how this could happen, as well as an independent investigation of the incident so that we can learn the lessons from this case and ensure that it never happens again.
The truth is, the Government are presiding over mayhem in the criminal justice system.
Only a few short months ago, Zara Aleena’s family said that Ministers had—these are their words—“blood on their hands”  after probation failures that led to her murder, so it beggars belief that we are back here once again.