Although I recognise that Southern Water is doing its very best to do small trials around land drainage, frankly it is not doing enough quickly enough.
Will the Secretary of State outline the powers of the Environment Agency that she is strengthening in order to fine companies such as Southern Water, which, as my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Scarborough and Whitby (Sir Robert Goodwill)  said, are using opportunities in dry weather to dump sewage where that really should not be happening?
My right hon.
Friend is right to point out that we have taken action and given powers to the regulator.
A very successful prosecution happened; I believe Southern Water was fined £90 million in a recent case.
We need to continue to work to get effective action.
I have complete confidence in the Environment Agency in getting on with the detailed work that we need to do to ensure that the water companies stick to the law, and we continue to strengthen the law, including through the unlimited penalties that this House voted for.
Actually, I think it was only Government Members who went through the Division Lobby to pass those penalties.
The Secretary of State will know of the concerns from her own mailbag, as I certainly do from mine.
My constituents are in touch with me week in, week out with concerns about the River Lune or the beach at Fleetwood.
My constituents and I would like to know what steps the Secretary of State will take to ensure that when water companies break the law they will be punished and brought to justice, and will not do it again?
I am conscious of the breakdown near Fleetwood earlier this year.
To give some credit to United Utilities, it worked at pace to try to fix the mechanical failure that had happened.
We now have legislation that allows the Environment Agency to apply unlimited penalties.
She will be aware that a live criminal investigation by the Environment Agency is under way  against water companies.
It will then be for the courts to decide the scale of the fines.
We will continue to ensure that penalties are applied and clearer instructions are given.
We have had discussions with the Environment Agency.
We need to get the problem fixed, but water companies should not try to do this on the cheap, and think that it is cheaper just to pay a penalty than actually sort out the problem.
I sat on the Bill Committee for the Environment Act 2021, which created the OEP.
I also sit on the Environmental Audit Committee, which interviewed the now chair of the OEP.
It was Government Members who introduced the OEP, enabling her to do this work to find out the scale of the problem.
When the report refers to the Government, it is not being party political; it is referring to all Governments for the past 20 years or more.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we need to keep looking at these reports, ripping off the plaster that we have started to rip off, and holding to the fire the feet of all the polluters that caused these problems in the first place?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
When we left the European Union, we recognised the need to have suitable scrutiny, which is what is in place.
Clearly the OEP has not come to a conclusion about breaking the law.
That is why it has asked for more information.
That is its right and entitlement.
That is what we legislated to allow it to do, and we will continue to comply with that.
Meanwhile, it will not distract us from getting on with our plan for water and holding water companies to account.
Water companies have dumped sewage more than 1 million times over the past three years.