I have no confidence in the plans that Labour has put forward.
We are already getting on with many of the actions that it talks about, and that is why we will sort out the mess that the Labour Government left behind.
Can we be more moderate in the language that we use?
I do not think that it has been appropriate, and hopefully we will hear no more of it.
I call the Chair of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee.
We all understand the long-term challenge of storm water overflows where heavy rainfall is inundating the system.
Over time, we will see more storm water tanks, such as the 4 million litre tank that Yorkshire Water installed in Scarborough, but there can be no excuse for discharges when the weather is dry.
Some are down to human error or to mechanical failure, but many are down just to under-capacity in the system.
As we address the problem, can we focus on the dry discharges and ensure that investment goes where it will have the most effect: where the most concentrated sewage goes into waterways?
My right hon.
Friend is right to point out some of the investment that is under way, but the storm overflows discharge reduction plan, which I anticipate will receive nearly £60 billion of investment from the water companies, will prioritise where the biggest issues are.
I think that is the right thing to do.
I am also mindful of other potential environmental responsibilities, particularly in areas of conservation.
We will continue to ensure that, as part of the plan, we get on and get into the detail.
We are already doing quite a lot of work with the water companies, holding them to account and ensuring that they get on and spend the money.
Along with the water companies, one of the main sources of water pollution in the south-west is the minority of livestock farmers who put silage, run-off from silage and slurry into local waterways, yet the Government have radically cut the number of inspections and there have been hardly any prosecutions.
Why?
The right hon.
Gentleman is a former Minister in DEFRA.
I am not aware of what inspections were done when he was in office.
What I do know is that we increased funding for farm inspections; my understanding is that there were about 4,000 last year.
The approach is targeted.
Sometimes farmers are not doing it intentionally.
We are helping in different ways, including by increasing the funding for slurry infrastructure.
Through the environmental land management schemes we are increasing incentives to help with things such as barrier strips and buffer strips so that stock is kept further away.
We are actively working with farmers.
We want them to be able to do the right thing.
Enforcement is undertaken—he will be aware of a recent case in Herefordshire—and we will continue to allow our regulators to make decisions on criminal investigations independently, rather than the Government dictating them.
I welcome the work of my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State in this area.
Despite what has been said today, we have to recognise that this is the first Government to take the bull by the horns and actually do something about illegally discharged sewage, which has been happening for decades.
I have witnessed it myself.
I have recently been speaking to Southern Water about a river that my constituency happens to be near.
Although I recognise that Southern Water is doing its very best to do small trials around land drainage, frankly it is not doing enough quickly enough.
Will the Secretary of State outline the powers of the Environment Agency that she is strengthening in order to fine companies such as Southern Water, which, as my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Scarborough and Whitby (Sir Robert Goodwill)  said, are using opportunities in dry weather to dump sewage where that really should not be happening?