I found its work invaluable a few years ago in this place, when my hon.
Friend  the Member for Chatham and Aylesford (Tracey Crouch)  and I were trying to get the Government into the sensible and correct place on the issue of compensation.
I represent an area with many former steelworkers, power station workers, dockers and a few miners, so respiratory industrial disease is an issue that I know well, including from my close family.
Increasingly, the disease is not restricted to roles that involved directly installing material with asbestos; it also affects those who work in buildings with asbestos, such as teachers.
Indeed, teachers are more likely to die from mesothelioma than the general public—sadly, I have heard examples of that from my constituents.
A 2019 Government survey found that 80.9% of participating schools had asbestos on their estate, and although most had a plan for dealing with it, that figure speaks for itself.
I thank in particular my hon.
Friend  the Member for Loughborough (Jane Hunt) , who, apart from being an excellent champion for her constituents, has done incredible work leading up to this 10-minute rule motion, including her recent Westminster Hall debate on asbestos in the workplace.
As most people will be aware, asbestos is a naturally occurring mineral that was used extensively in buildings in the UK and around the world between the 1950s and 1980s.
It can be found in ceiling tiles, pipe insulation, flooring, textured paint and boilers, and it is often mixed with other materials, which makes determining its presence even more complex.
In fact, asbestos is one of three materials considered so hazardous that they require their own regulations, the others being radiation and lead.
Lead and radiation are tightly controlled, and although there has been a lot of work over the years to tighten regulations on asbestos—and, indeed, to ban it—many would say that it remains the poor relation of the three materials in public policy terms.
The scale of the problem cannot be underestimated.
The Health and Safety Executive has said that between 210,000 and 400,000 buildings in the UK contain asbestos.
Other estimates suggest 6 million tonnes of asbestos are spread across 1.5 million buildings in this country.
Asbestos is, of course, the single greatest cause of work-related deaths in the UK.
HSE estimates that more than 5,000 people die from asbestos-related cancers each year, of whom half die from mesothelioma.
Governments of both sides have sought to address that issue.
We have had bans on import, use, manufacture and supply.
The Control of Asbestos Regulations 2012  provide a framework for working with asbestos in non-domestic premises.
The regulations are welcome, as they place a requirement on a duty holder to assess the presence, condition and exposure risk of asbestos in non-domestic premises.
The duty holder is required to maintain an up-to-date register and share it with anyone who may be at risk of exposure or of disturbing asbestos-containing materials.
However, as welcome as those regulations and other interventions may be, there remain too many new mesothelioma cases in the UK, and there is a clear trend of rising cases among those who have worked in buildings with asbestos, rather than among those who worked directly with asbestos products and materials.
A report by Alpha Tracker on the condition of asbestos in schools, hospitals and homes found that more than half of 1.3 million samples found to contain the material were already damaged; that 20% of asbestos-containing materials in hospitals and healthcare settings had high damage; and that 55% of asbestos in schools was in poor condition.
We must therefore ask if the current approach is working and sufficient.
The UK National Asbestos Register, a new social enterprise established to help management and duty holders to manage the material, has identified five common failings in the current system.
First, there are communication failures.
Contractors rarely see an asbestos register, or records are mislaid or difficult to access.