And now, in an absolutely unprecedented move, the Office for Environmental Protection tells us that the Government may have broken the law themselves in allowing all of this.
It identifies possible failures to comply with environmental law by the Secretary of State’s own Department, the Environment Agency and Ofwat.
This Government have broken the entire regulatory system.
They enabled this scandal, but did we hear a word of apology just now?
No, we did not.
There was only complacency.
Labour wants severe and automatic fines for every illegal discharge to pay for a tougher regulation and enforcement regime.
Why will the Government not do that?
We want mandatory monitoring of every outlet so that the public know where the discharges are happening.
Why will the Government not agree to that?
Can the Secretary of State tell us which Ministers signed off what the OEP calls
“a misinterpretation of the law”
to allow more frequent sewage discharges without risk of sanction?
That is a Government-sanctioned green light to pollute.
Was it her?
What action will she now take to put an end to this appalling situation, bring the water companies to heel and clean up our waterways?
Will she publish the correspondence between the OEP and her Department if she has nothing to hide?
Finally, if the Secretary of State’s Department is found to have broken the law, will she do the right thing and resign?
The Prime Minister would not tolerate raw sewage in his private swimming pool, so why is he happy to treat the British countryside as an open sewer?
The risk for the hon.
Gentleman is that he has already soiled his own reputation by failing to acknowledge that the investigation that led to that court case, which is referred to in the information notice, took place under a Labour Government.
On Sky last night, I believe it was a former Labour Minister from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs who basically said that he knew sewage discharges were happening, and what did the Labour Government do about it?
They did not do anything.
In 2006, they set out a consultation basically allowing self-monitoring by the water companies.
Frankly, the Labour Government did sweet FA and we are cleaning it up now.
Let us have a look at the timescale that has been mentioned for the situation that led to the ruling by  the Court of Justice of the European Union.
Things have not been done in Wales, where there is a Labour  Government, so there is no change in policy there.
Meanwhile, the Conservative Government have got on with imposing unlimited penalties on water companies.
That is why so many powers were put into the Environment Act 2023, and regulators are now using them.
There was hardly any monitoring in 2010, thanks to Labour—the Scottish National party does not have a leg to stand on either—and it was the Conservatives who got the monitoring going.
Where Labour has weakened monitoring, we have increased it.
On the assertions that the hon.
Gentleman made about budgets, he should be aware that the purpose of the permits, and of the fees that go with the permits, is to pay for those regular inspections.
Government funding, which we increased last year, is used when enforcement action needs to be taken, and that includes taking companies to court.
That is why there is an active criminal investigation under way now.
Frankly, it was the Conservatives who got the monitoring going and unveiled the scale of this, while the Labour Government looked the other way.
I have no confidence in the plans that Labour has put forward.
We are already getting on with many of the actions that it talks about, and that is why we will sort out the mess that the Labour Government left behind.
Can we be more moderate in the language that we use?