It showed the future for British scientists, as well as how important British scientists were to Horizon and how much the EU wanted them to be part of it.
My right hon.
and learned Friend is right: we have a better relationship, and one that does not cost £22 billion a year.
Whether he has held recent discussions with Cabinet colleagues and the Scottish Government on increasing co-operation between NHS England and NHS Scotland.
The United Kingdom Government support collaboration between all our nations to share best practice, improve transparency and provide better accountability for patients.
Ministerial colleagues at the Department of Health and Social Care have written to the Scottish Government inviting them for talks on how we can work together to tackle long-term waiting lists in all parts of the United Kingdom.
If someone is sick and their life is in danger, is it not the case that the border between Scotland and England should not get in the way of the best possible health outcome?
The hon.
Member makes an extremely important point—that is something about which I am acutely aware as a Borders MP.
Indeed, I have a constituent who lives in Foulden who has been told that they will need to wait over three years to have their cataracts seen to in Scotland.
Meanwhile, their neighbours, who are registered with a GP in England, are being treated by NHS England within six months.
My constituent simply does not understand that discrepancy.
The SNP Government in Edinburgh should be doing much more to drive down NHS waiting lists and engage with colleagues in Westminster to ensure that all people across these islands get the best possible NHS services.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of the levels of Government spending in Scotland to deliver public services.
The United Kingdom Government are providing a record settlement of £41 billion per year—the largest since devolution.
In fact, the UK Government are providing the Scottish Government with over 20% more funding per person than the equivalent UK Government spending in England.
With the generous fiscal framework agreement, the Scottish Government have the certainty and flexibility to manage their budget and deliver high-quality public services across Scotland.
The recent programme for government launched by the Scottish First Minister only revealed a tired Government too distracted by internal squabbling to achieve anything for the people of Scotland.
Does the Minister agree that the Scottish people deserve a change of Government in Scotland and Westminster, with a Labour Government focused on tackling the cost of living and improving living standards for the whole of the UK?
The SNP’s programme for government was a complete and utter missed opportunity: rather than focusing on Scotland’s NHS and schools, and our economy and transport links, the SNP is too busy planning independence rallies.
Scotland does need change, and I am confident that, in the next general election, we will see that change in the election of even more Scottish Conservative and Unionist MPs.
What recent discussions he has held with Cabinet colleagues on supporting the seafood sector in Scotland.
The Government are committed to supporting our seafood sector, which is the lifeblood of some of the most remote and fragile communities in Scotland.
This past Monday, I met with ministerial colleagues in the Home Office to discuss in more detail the comprehensive package of support measures this Government have offered to the sector to ease access to labour challenges.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that response.
What discussions has he had with the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero—I see the Minister, our hon.
Friend  the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , sitting next to him on the Front Bench—and the Scottish Government to ensure that the impacts of offshore wind on the fishing industry and coastal communities will be adequately addressed, along with the impacts of marine protection areas?
I pay tribute to my hon.