As the hon.
Gentleman well knows, the economic challenges we face here in the United Kingdom are no different from those faced by other economies around the world.
They have been entirely caused by the illegal war in Ukraine and the covid pandemic.
Thankfully, due to the decisive action of this Conservative Government and Prime Minister, the evidence suggests that the UK is recovering from the economic shock far better than France, Italy and Germany.
Ukraine and covid did not crash the economy; this Government did.
The truth is that, after 13 years, we have a low-wage, low-growth economy.
Let me take the example of residents in a random Scottish constituency, Rutherglen and Hamilton West.
Behind every door we knock on, the story is the same: the cost of living.
Those voters are paying the price for two bad Governments: the UK Government, who crashed the economy and are asking working people to pay for it, and the Scottish Government, who mismanaged the economy and are also asking working people to pay for it.
There is a Tory premium on everyone’s mortgages and rents, alongside the highest tax burden on working people in 80 years, and the SNP wants to increase income taxes further and is proposing eye-watering council tax rates for those residents.
Do the people of Rutherglen and Hamilton West not deserve a fresh start with Scottish Labour’s Michael Shanks?
It was not so long ago that Scottish Labour was calling for even higher taxes on the people of Scotland.
When Scottish Labour leader Anas Sarwar stood for the leadership, he said:
“I actually think our tax policies will be even more progressive and radical than even John McDonnell’s or Jeremy Corbyn’s tax policies or manifesto”.
Mr Sarwar has now U-turned, of course, but maybe the hon.
Gentleman can explain how much Scottish Labour secretly wants to put up taxes in Scotland.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the UK’s departure from the EU on Scotland.
The UK Government are focused on opening new international export markets for Scottish businesses.
We have trade agreements with 71 non-EU countries and the EU, and those agreements will support growth, jobs and higher wages.
The hon.
Gentleman will have noted the recently revised numbers, which show that we have recovered better from the pandemic than France, Italy or Germany.
Since 2010, the United Kingdom has achieved the third highest rate of growth in the G7—faster than Italy, France, Japan and Germany.
We had a really good trading relationship with the European Union—it was called membership—and 78% of people in Glasgow North, and 62% of people across Scotland, voted to retain it.
If Brexit is really delivering the successes that the Secretary of State says it is, why does he think the polls show that those figures would be even higher if the people of Scotland had the choice again?
The recent trading numbers show that we are now doing more trade with the EU in goods and services than we did when we were members.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we are developing a much better relationship with our former colleagues in the EU, including through agreements such as the Windsor framework, and our accession to the North sea group of countries that co-operate on energy and, more recently, to Horizon and other European programmes?
That shows that we are on the right footing to have a good future relationship post Brexit.
Yes.
On Horizon, we were patient and did the right deal.
It showed the future for British scientists, as well as how important British scientists were to Horizon and how much the EU wanted them to be part of it.
My right hon.
and learned Friend is right: we have a better relationship, and one that does not cost £22 billion a year.