No one voted for this shambles.
No one voted for him.
How much more damage do the British public have to put up with before he finally finds the stomach to give them a say?
We are getting on for the British public.
Just in the last week we have announced a new landmark deal for British scientists and attracted £600 million of new investment for our world-leading auto industry, and wages are now rising at the fastest rate on record.
And where has the right hon.
and learned Gentleman been this week?
Locked away with Labour’s union paymasters, promising to give them more power and to scrap the laws that protect British families and their access to public services.
It is clear that it is only the Conservatives who are on the side of the hard-working British public.
Last week, with Yorkshire colleagues, I met our local integrated care board to discuss plans for improving dentistry provision.
When surgeries suddenly close to NHS patients without notice, as one in Harrogate did very recently, an immediate strain is put on local provision.
Will the Prime Minister look at what can be done in those circumstances to ensure no one is left without access to an NHS dentist?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise that, and we will look into the issue.
He will be reassured to know that we are investing £3 billion a year in dentistry.
There is no geographical restriction on which dental practice a patient may attend and practices should keep all their records up to date, including whether they are accepting new patients.
Typically, where a practice ends a contract, NHS England and ICBs should work together to ensure that funding is reallocated and patients continue to have access to NHS dental care.
I call the SNP leader.
As someone who spends more money heating their swimming pool than the total value of the UK state pension, the Prime Minister—I think it is safe to say—might not be as invested in this topic as some others, but let us afford him the opportunity to clear up any confusion.
Will he commit his party, the Conservative party, to maintaining the state pension triple lock beyond the next general election—yes or no?
This is the party that introduced the triple lock.
This is the party that has delivered a £3,000 increase in the state pension since 2010.
It is also the party that has ensured that there are 200,000 fewer pensioners living in poverty today and that this winter pensioners will get an extra £300 alongside their winter fuel payment to support them through the challenging times with inflation.
Our track record is clear.
There is one party in this House that has always stood up for our pensioners and that is the Conservative party.
I do not think we heard a yes there, Mr Speaker.
You will imagine my shock—my utter surprise—that we appear to have consensus once again  between the Conservative party and the Labour party on this most important of issues, despite the promises that were made to the people of Scotland in 2014 and despite clear statements from the likes of Gordon Brown that the only way to protect pensions was to remain within the UK.
How hollow those words are now.
Who does the Prime Minister think will scrap the state pension triple lock first, his Government or the Labour party’s Government?
Thanks to the actions of this Government, pensioners in Scotland are receiving record increases in their state pension—£870 this year—and extra support with the cost of living this winter.
This is the Government who introduced and remain committed to the triple lock, but the hon.
Gentleman raises a good point.
Pensioners in Scotland should know that the reason they can rely on the state pension, not just today but for years to come, is the strength of our Union and the strength of our United Kingdom Government.