In the 1990s, under the Conservative Government, people were dying because of the length of time they were on NHS waiting lists.
In 2023, we are seeing an increasing number of people dying while they are on NHS waiting lists before getting treatment.
Is the Prime Minister ashamed that people are dying needlessly on his watch?
Of course, the number on waiting lists has been impacted significantly by the pandemic, but that is why we have put record funding in place to help to address that, including innovations such as surgical hubs, same-day emergency care, virtual wards and such like.
I would gently point out to the hon.
Gentleman that, in England, part of the reason that waiting lists are not coming down as fast we would like is the strike action by doctors—something that is supported by him and his colleagues, who have stood on the picket lines ensuring that patients cannot get access to care.
It is also him and his party who are saying that they will   repeal the laws we have put in place that will guarantee patients safe access to medical treatment in the event of industrial action.
If he wants to make this issue emotional, he should tell people why he believes that patients should be deprived of access to lifesaving care because of industrial action.
What recent assessment he has made of the economic outlook for the west midlands.
We regularly engage with local partners across the west midlands to gather insight and intelligence on the economy.
Earlier this year we initiated the trailblazer devolution deal, which includes measures to help businesses thrive.
I see that, just the other week, the Mayor launched Business Growth West Midlands, backed with £100 million in funding for business support.
I thank the Prime Minister for that answer, and I am glad to hear about the continuing growth in the west midlands.
However, in Lichfield we have a problem with road and footpath closures, and we do not know for how long they will go on.
HS2 is behind these closures, and one hand does not know what the other is doing—HS2 is the most dysfunctional organisation I have ever had to deal with.
Will the Prime Minister, in the short term, try to restructure HS2 so that it works as a company should?
In the longer term, can he save other constituencies by stopping HS2 at the end of phase 1?
I know the frustration that this is causing to my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
I am told that HS2 Ltd is prioritising the completion of works that are under way, including roadworks in Lichfield, to keep disruption to a minimum.
I know that the Transport Secretary will continue to hold it to account and that the company will keep local communities informed about future works.
UK billpayers are facing having to pay an extra £1 billion because of the Government’s failure to agree new offshore wind.
With Russia using energy as a weapon, when will the Prime Minister take energy security seriously and protect us from the whims of fossil fuel autocrats?
We do take energy security seriously.
Indeed, we created a brand-new Department to focus on energy security, so it is a bit rich coming from a Labour party, which wants to cut off our access to home-grown British oil and gas, which would increase our reliance on foreign oil and gas, increase our reliance on dictators and increase our exposure to those markets.
As independent reports have said, it would also be bad for the climate, as imported fossil fuels come with something like two or three times the emissions.
Labour’s policy is not just bad for the environment; it is bad for our energy security and bad for British jobs.
The collapse of a potential rescue deal for Wilko this week brings added urgency to the regeneration of our town centres.