My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; he has a coastal constituency as well and will know the continuing work to improve the quality of our designated bathing waters and our waters more broadly.
There have been more stringent standards applied over the last decade.
We continue to work to try to improve that and we will continue to get on with the job.
The Secretary of State seems to have a weird amnesia about the past decade or so, so that there is a big leap from Labour being in government to her suddenly being in front of us today.
I hope she does remember the many times, whether in the Environmental Audit Committee, the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee or the Environment Bill Committee, that I asked her about making sure the Office for Environmental Protection really had teeth, was independent and was respected by Government.
I am concerned that there are already signs that the Government are trying to undermine the work of the OEP.
Will she assure us that she will respect the conclusions that it comes to and act accordingly?
I will say that we set up the OEP, we will comply with the information notice it has requested and then we will see where its decision goes from that.
It is important that that institution continues to have the freedom we gave it; we will continue to respect that and to comply with its notices, as set out under the statute.
The water Minister and I regularly visit a beach that has been subject to several environmental spills this August.
When I checked at the site, it was a storm overflow and not a combined sewage outlet.
Given that there was not enough rainfall to constitute an exceptional amount, can the Secretary of State advise me why the Environment Agency has not taken enforcement action against South West Water and all the other water companies that are spilling sewage when there are no exceptional circumstances?
I understand from my hon.
Friend the water Minister that the Environment Agency is currently investigating the source of the pollution to help with its investigation.
The right hon.
Lady’s Department issued a statement saying that it does not
“agree with the OEP’s initial interpretations,”
but will
“continue to work constructively with the OEP on this issue.”
That seems like a contradiction to me.
How does the Secretary of State plan to work constructively with the OEP when her Department’s statement demonstrates a complete disregard for environmental law?
The hon.
Lady is incorrect.
We absolutely respect the law—we introduced the Environment Act.
We can disagree with initial assertions, but we will continue to ensure that we provide the information the OEP has requested.
I thank the Secretary of State for the renewed determination to bring about improvement—it is clear that we need it.
When we voted on this issue in the House, we were given assurances that these incidents would not take place.
It is clear that, while officials may not agree with this investigation, there is still a real cause for concern.
How does the Secretary of State intend to alleviate those concerns and, more importantly, ensure that sewage releases are regulated and safe?
I make this suggestion very respectfully: stopping the dividends to the chief executives and directors would be a method to encourage improvements by the water companies, who seem reluctant to make them.
I am conscious that the hon.
Gentleman is a Member for a Northern Ireland constituency.
The OEP’s remit extends to Northern Ireland, although not to the Welsh Labour Government or the Scottish SNP Government.
Investigations can be undertaken—that is what we legislate for in this House—and unlimited penalties can be applied.
That is true in England.
We will continue to make sure that we do what we can not only to reduce these challenges, but to fix the long-term issues.