The Home Office issued a White Paper on this over a year ago, and the consultation closed in October last year.
Will the Prime Minister commit in the forthcoming King’s Speech to legislation that will deal finally with this pernicious problem?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for all of his work and attention in this area; it was good to work with him on Project Adder in particular.
He is right to highlight the fact that drugs destroy lives and families, hitting the most vulnerable in our society the hardest.
The 10-year drug strategy, which he helped put in place, is ambitious and backed with a record £3 billion of funding.
As he highlighted, we have consulted on a new drug possession offences framework, and I assure him that Ministers will keep him and this House updated on future plans.
In the last few hours I have been contacted by the headteacher of St James’s Church of England Primary School in Blackburn, who is desperately seeking help after a reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete survey conducted on  7 September  was inconclusive.
The urgent intrusive inspection that was supposed to follow has not been arranged by the Department for Education.
The potentially affected part of the building has been closed off, with children crammed into the dining room and learning at the tables.
Staff are unable to access facilities and the whole  school is hugely inconvenienced.
The headteacher has been unable to meet the Department for Education, so can I implore the Prime Minister to get the Secretary of State for Education to investigate this urgently?
Of course I am sorry for the disruption at schools as we work hard to identify those affected, but the DFE is fully funding the inspection process, ensuring that we are now rapidly inspecting and surveying all potentially affected schools and paying for that work.
Also, with the increase of up to 80 dedicated caseworkers, St James’s Primary School, like others, should have a dedicated point of contact to work through those issues.
I will ensure that the Secretary of State and the Department are in touch with the school and the hon.
Member for an update.
Personally, I know the stark impact of dementia and the effect that it has on the families of our 1 million citizens who live with it.
It was my honour last week to sponsor Alzheimer’s Research UK to highlight the recent progress on a new diagnostic test and new drugs that could be available as early as next January.
I welcome the inclusion of dementia in the Government’s major conditions strategy, but will my right hon.
Friend ask his Secretary of State to convene a dementia medicines taskforce so that we can take advantage of this progress in research?
Will he consider Alzheimer’s Research UK’s request for a dementia champion?
I start by thanking my hon.
Friend for his work in this important area.
Regulators are working closely with industry to evaluate new dementia medicines, because of course we want patients to benefit from rapid access to safe and effective treatments.
We are also strongly committed to funding dementia research, including doubling the amount allocated to £160 million a year by next year, and last year we launched the Dame Barbara Windsor dementia mission, backed up with new funding, which will work with industry to develop biomarkers and data and digital science innovations and to strengthen our trials in dementia.
I look forward to hearing more suggestions from my hon.
Friend  on that.
In the 1990s, under the Conservative Government, people were dying because of the length of time they were on NHS waiting lists.
In 2023, we are seeing an increasing number of people dying while they are on NHS waiting lists before getting treatment.
Is the Prime Minister ashamed that people are dying needlessly on his watch?