That is not a matter for the Ministry of Defence and it is not within my portfolio, but if the hon.
Gentleman writes to me, I will ensure Northern Ireland Office officials respond to him.
However, I do not think there will be strong support for such action from much of the House.
On our journey to increasing defence spending, it is crucial that we keep the public on side, especially given our dire financial inheritance from the Conservative party and the hollowed-out state of our armed forces, as Conservative Members have acknowledged.
That is why I welcome the Government’s break from tradition in informing this House and the British people about their steps to deploy a nuclear submarine to respond to Yantar, the Russian spy boat, along with the Plymouth-based RFA Proteus.
What steps will the Government take in the future, over the coming weeks and months, to keep the British public informed, so that they stay on side as we increase defence spending to respond to the threat from Russia?
I thank my hon.
Friend and constituency neighbour for his question.
He is right that last week we declassified information about the activities of the Russian spy ship Yantar, including revealing details of the surfacing of a Royal Navy submarine to deter the Yantar’s activities loitering above our critical national infrastructure.
It is absolutely right that this Government make the case that warfare has changed, especially when it comes to the protection of our critical underwater infrastructure.
Making the case that we have formidable abilities, but also being clear in the SDR about how we will invest in those capabilities alongside our allies, is essential.
The SDR will be published in the spring, when I am sure he will be able to see more about that.
I am going to surprise the Minister and say that I think he is right that the armed forces were not big enough when we left Government, and that every Chancellor since the end of the cold war slashed spending because it was the easy thing to do.
Once the Ukraine war started, because of Russia’s illegal invasion, we put tens of billions of pounds into the response, so my question to the Minister is simple: if the strategic defence review suggests that we have to spend more money, are we going to spend that money or will it be directed to ensure that the amount does not rise above 2.5%?
The right hon.
Gentleman is certainly right that the forces were hollowed out and underfunded, which we are seeking to address by increasing defence spending.
We have provided £3 billion in the Budget  and the path to moving from 2.3% to 2.5% will be laid out in the spring.
The SDR will set out what capabilities we need to have to meet the threat environment, against that pathway to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence.
The last Conservative Government did not spend 2.5 % of GDP on defence at any point during their 14 years of power.
Unfortunately, the increase that will come will have to address a lot of the damage that that Government did to our Army, our Navy and our Air Force.
Does the Minister agree that it takes a Labour Government to deliver those spending commitments?
It is certainly true that the last time this country spent 2.5% of GDP on defence was under a Labour Government.
The Tories cut defence spending as a percentage of GDP over their time in power.
It is important that the strategic defence review wins cross-party support when published.
I hope that the shadow Defence Secretary will be able to offer the Government a common position, so that what is published will be not just Labour’s defence strategy but Britain’s defence strategy, and we can be strong at home as well as secure abroad.