We encourage open and constructive dialogue by all parties in the best interests of staff and students during this critical transition period.
What steps her Department is taking to encourage reading in schools.
Getting more children reading for pleasure is a key part of our plan for change, and of our work to drive high and rising standards across education by giving all our children the best start in life.
Earlier this month, I was pleased to join the Prime Minister as he unveiled a landmark partnership between schools here in the UK and in Ukraine, based on the power of reading and backed by legendary children’s authors including Michael Morpurgo.
According to the Libraries for Primaries campaign, one in seven state primary schools in the UK lacks a dedicated library or reading space, and that figure rises to one in four in the most disadvantaged communities.
As we know, reading for pleasure is essential to a child’s academic success and mental wellbeing.
Thousands of primary schools still need libraries.
Does the Minister agree that libraries are vital for child development, and what further steps can the Government take to ensure that every primary school has a library?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the power of reading.
We all know that reading broadens horizons and nurtures creativity, and I want more children to experience that joy, although sadly,  we also know that more and more children in our country are not enjoying reading for pleasure.
Under the Tories, one in four children were leaving primary school without meeting the expected standard in reading; it is little wonder that they are unable to enjoy reading in the way they should.
Through our plan for change, we will drive high and rising standards to make that a reality.
Does the Secretary of State accept that the use of phonics as the basis of teaching reading has been thoroughly vindicated?
I do accept the absolutely essential role of phonics—it was a Labour Government who first started the roll-out of phonics in 2006.
We need all our children to reach a brilliant standard in reading, but as I have just said, one in four currently do not meet the required standard.
There is so much more that we need to do to ensure that all our children get a firm foundation in those subjects and, yes, enjoy reading as well.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
We know that smartphones in the classroom have a negative impact on reading and on the educational attainment of children in general.
When in government, we issued guidance to try to ban smartphones from the classroom, but the latest evidence is clear that they are still far too prevalent in schools.
To fix the problem, the guidance needs to be put on a statutory footing.
Does the Education Secretary agree that children’s educational outcomes are negatively affected by smartphones, and if she does, will she back our amendment to ban them from the classroom for good?
I agree that phones have no place in the classroom.
It is entirely right that schools take firm action to stop their use, and I know that is what the vast majority of schools already do.
As the right hon.
Lady said, last July the Conservatives said that they did not need to legislate in this area.
Nothing has changed in this time.
I back the approach that they took in July in this area.
This is yet another headline-grabbing gimmick, with no plans to drive up standards in our schools.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for artificial intelligence research and development in the higher education sector.
The Labour Government are at the forefront of change and, as I said to the Bett conference last week, we are determined to ensure that
“AI will be a positive, radical, modernising force for good in the lives of working people.”