Interruption.]
Thank you.
The Minister is right that defence spending was cut under the coalition, but we are in a different world now, with a great power attacking Europe.
I would also like to inform him that one of my best friends, Captain David Hicks MC, was killed in Afghanistan in 2007, in part because of the atrocious level of military kit provided to our armed forces there.
So I think all political parties need to reflect on their records.
I think that the whole House will want to pass on its condolences to the hon.
Gentleman and the family of Captain Hicks.
It is right that one of the Government’s objectives is to have a strategic defence review that is also the nation’s defence review—one that is not just Labour’s defence policy, but that can be supported cross-party.
For that reason, I have laid out clearly the path and the timetable for our publication of the SDR and the 2.5% pathway in the spring.
When that happens, I hope we can have a debate about how those capabilities match the threats and how we can support the SDR as a cross-party-backed defence review that gives our troops and our industry the direction and support they need to keep our nation safe.
On the Floor of the House today, the Minister has stated that he wishes to have more money for the armed forces, and he has been very critical of previous procurement exercises by the former Government.
Can I therefore ask him whether he agrees that giving away the Chagos  islands, and paying to do so, is a bad deal, and that that money would be better spent on investing in our armed forces?
The hon.
Gentleman might have missed the debate in which it was set out clearly that the deal we have secured to ensure the long-term future of the Chagos islands began under his Conservative Government—11 rounds of negotiations under the Conservative party, I think it was.
The UK-US base on Diego Garcia is strategically important, which is why it is absolutely vital to secure its long-term future free from any constitutional threat.
That is what the deal does, and I hope that when it comes before the House the hon.
Gentleman will be able to back it, just as I will.
Which comes first, the strategic and operational needs of our armed forces or fiscal parameters set by Treasury bureaucrats?
The strategic defence review will set out clearly what threats the nation is facing and what capabilities we need.
I would expect to see renewal of our capabilities, because we have seen from the war in Ukraine that warfare has changed.
Some of the assumptions about how we structure our armed forces and how we fight have been challenged by the experience of warfare in Ukraine, and that is one of the reasons why this SDR is so important.
It will set out the evolving capabilities that we need and how we will deliver them to keep our nation safe.
Given that the vast majority of the Ministry of Defence supply chain is in the private sector—for example, BAE Systems in Fylde at Warton and at Samlesbury, with jobs across Lancashire—and that those private companies have seen significant increases in costs following the Chancellor’s Budget squeezing their payroll costs, as well as increasing regulation through the employment Bill and in other areas, we will be able to buy considerably less kit for 2.5% at the end of the defence review than at the start of it.
As the Government go through the defence review process, are they cutting the shopping list or planning to go above 2.5%?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question, and I support the work of the private sector businesses that do so much to support our armed forces.