I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that question and for celebrating teachers, particularly in our special schools but also throughout our school system, who work tirelessly day in, day out to support pupils, particularly those with special educational needs and disabilities, to succeed.
I will certainly take away his very kind invitation.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the National Insurance Contributions (Secondary Class 1 Contributions) Bill on the early years sector.
As a Government, we have had to take tough decisions to get the public finances back on track.
In 2025-26, the entitlements budget will be over £8 billion, with a further £75 million to support the sector in this pivotal expansion year.
We have also announced the largest ever uplift to the early years pupil premium.
Early years is central to our mission to give every child the best start in life.
Early years providers are being hammered.
In many cases, their national insurance costs per staff member are almost doubling.
A large number are small businesses in the private sector, while others are schools that are taking children before they go into reception classes.
All of them—both primary schools in the state sector and small private providers—are worried about the extra costs being imposed on them.
Can the Minister assure my constituents and, indeed, people throughout the country that families will not face higher costs and that those childcare places will still be there?
Can he assure the House that we will have more childcare places at the end of this Parliament than we had at the start of it?
Unlike the Conservative party, we are on the side of working parents, and high-quality education will be available to every child.
As for the hon.
Gentleman’s substantive point, it would help if the Conservatives were honest.
They would not reverse the rise.
I call the shadow Minister.
The decision not to compensate nurseries for the national insurance increase has already pushed providers “to the brink”, according to the Early Years Alliance, and many in schools, including schools with nurseries, are worried that they will be next.
Local councils received a bill of £1.8 billion as a result of the national insurance increase, but received compensation for less than a third of that because the indirect costs were not covered.
Can the Minister reassure the House that compensation for the increase will cover all the costs to schools, not just the direct costs?
The Government have announced that public sector employers will receive compensation for the increase in their national insurance contributions, including school-based nurseries and maintained nursery schools, but in line with the arrangements for other areas, there will be no additional NICs funding beyond that.
What steps she is taking to increase the number of children achieving the early learning goals.
Children growing up in our country deserve the best start in life—nothing less.
Through our plan for change, Labour will get a record share of children school-ready.
We will make that a reality through opening new school-based nurseries, rolling out childcare, earlier intervention, speech and language support, help for parents of children with special educational needs and disabilities, and wider SEND reform.
That is rightly ambitious, and we are determined to deliver it.
As a Jewish person, Mr Speaker, may I take this opportunity to thank you for everything you have done to help the House to remember my ancestors and those of other Jewish people whom we remember today?
Welcome funding was announced for Abram Bryn Gates school in Bamfurlong, in my constituency, in the last free school funding round, but the school has just been told that that funding has been paused, possibly until 2028.
It is a really important school, because it provides support for kids to stay in mainstream education even when they have left.
When can my constituents expect a decision to be made on the funding for this school?
My hon.