I encourage the shadow Secretary of State to distance herself from those shocking remarks.
The Secretary of State should consider what she just said.
The Bill has specific clauses about home schooling.
I know that the Labour Government do not like any form of education that is not in state-run, local authority schools, but those who home school have significant concerns that the Bill will put unfair burdens on them and will change the relationship between those who are lawfully and legally educating their children at home and the state.
Will she meet home schooling representatives to discuss their concerns and to ensure that while the Bill contains the relevant safeguarding, those who home school are made to feel that they are contributing to their children’s welfare?
Parents who choose to home educate their children are within their rights to do so.
Those who provide a safe, loving environment and a good standard of education have nothing to be concerned about in the legislation.
We are concerned about the growing number of children of whom we simply have no visibility.
The Bill will ensure that where there are serious concerns about child protection and safeguarding, such as where a section 47 investigation is under way, the local authority must consent to home education.
I am staggered that the hon.
Gentleman finds those straightforward measures to keep children safe such an outrage.
They are about protecting children.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to ensure that SEND provision is adequately funded.
Despite having to make tough decisions at the Budget to fix the foundations, key education priorities were protected.
That is how we are able to provide a £1 billion high needs budget to help local authorities in schools support young people with SEND.
As I said, we inherited a lose-lose-lose system, but we are determined to reform it and restore parents’ trust.
The Secretary of State and I regularly meet Ministers from other Departments on special educational needs policies, to ensure that we take a whole of Government approach.
Every headteacher in Dorking has told me that early intervention is vital for our special needs children.
The London Business School told me that hiring people with special educational needs can be a source of competitive advantage for companies.
Does the Minister agree that those principles could be the basis of a more financially sustainable and compassionate special educational needs system, and could avoid tragedies such as that of my constituent Jennifer Chalkley, who tragically lost her life aged 17 due to inadequate SEND provision?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his thoughtful question.
We absolutely recognise the role of early years education in identifying needs and  providing timely support.
We have launched the new SEND assessment resources and child development training, and are identifying and supporting communication needs through the early language support for every child programme, along with NHS England.
We will continue to work across Government to ensure that children with SEND get the right support at the right time.
I am very sorry to hear the tragic circumstances of the case the hon.
Gentleman outlined.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
One of the biggest pressures on SEND funding in Stoke-on-Trent are the independent alternative providers that charge tens of thousands of pounds for single places, often with huge profit margins for themselves.
We are subject to a safety valve arrangement.
Could I therefore ask the Minister to meet a delegation of providers and teachers in Stoke-on-Trent, who are hungry for a new way of delivering SEND provision to ensure that our young children get the education they deserve?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the challenges and pressures on the budget.
I have identified the need to improve the situation with school transport by educating children locally and to provide more inclusive mainstream places.