The Tories cut defence spending as a percentage of GDP over their time in power.
It is important that the strategic defence review wins cross-party support when published.
I hope that the shadow Defence Secretary will be able to offer the Government a common position, so that what is published will be not just Labour’s defence strategy but Britain’s defence strategy, and we can be strong at home as well as secure abroad.
If Labour colleagues are going to insist on reiterating that the last time 2.5% of GDP was spent on defence it was by a Labour Government, I suppose I have to point out that the last time 3% was spent by any Government it was by a Conservative Government, and the last time 4% was spent by any Government it was by a Conservative Government.
Both those figures were some time after the fall of the Berlin wall.
When the Berlin wall was still up, under the present accounting system we were spending up to 5.5% on defence, so please can everyone stop obsessing about 2.5% and when it will come in, because we need a lot more?
I have a lot of time for the right hon.
Gentleman.
He did not plug his “Shifting the goalposts?”
Defence Committee report, which clearly set out changes in GDP spend on defence.
I believe that he used the report to argue for more defence spending when his party was in power.
Now that we are in power, we are doing it: we increased defence spending by £3 billion in the Budget and will lay out a path to 2.5% in the spring.
Today is Holocaust Memorial Day.
Does the Minister agree that this solemn day is a reminder of what we are fighting to defend, and the need to always protect our values and freedoms?
Today is a day when we remember not just all those who were killed in the Holocaust, but those killed in genocides since.
It is a day when there is unity and cross-party support for tackling hate, in whatever form and wherever it comes from.
It underlines why we must stand with our friends in these difficult times, why we need strong defence, and why we need to root out hate wherever it rears its ugly head.
Let me reiterate what the Minister is not quite saying: we are looking forward to a defence review that will set out what we need.
It will not then be circumscribed as a percentage of GDP by some artificial ceiling; the  Government will spend whatever is necessary arising from the defence review, and his Department will send a defence review to the Treasury untrammelled by any spending constraint.
We need to address the desperate threat situation that the country is in.
Lord Robertson is conducting the externally led strategic defence review based on the terms of reference that were agreed with the Secretary of State for Defence and the Prime Minister.
Lord Robertson will publish it in the spring.
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman is looking forward to it as much as I am.
Under the last Government, only two out of 49 major defence projects were being delivered on time and on budget.
Will the Minister set out what the Government are doing to get to grips with the financial mismanagement and failed procurement system that we inherited in defence?
It is certainly true that we inherited a broken defence procurement system; I think broken was the word that the shadow defence procurement Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois) , used when he was on the Defence Committee.
It must make for awkward team meetings, given that the man responsible for the broken procurement system,  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge) , is sitting in those meetings as his boss.