I will ask my hon.
Friend in the other place to respond to the hon.
Gentleman’s question.
What steps her Department has taken to help keep family hubs open in Kent.
Labour’s plan for change will get a record share of children ready for school, hitting key developmental targets by the age of five.
Family hubs will play a crucial part in that.
We are investing £69 million in family hubs, targeting support where the money will make the biggest difference to children’s life chances.
In Deal, Blossom children’s centre has been closed, and the new merged service does not offer the level of service required for one to four-year-olds and is not fit for purpose.
What can be done to reopen that much-loved and sorely missed community asset?
Local authorities must engage with families to co-design services and ensure that those services meet their needs.
We are investing £126 million in family hubs, Start for Life, and through our plan for change.
This Government aim to get a record proportion of children hitting key developmental targets by the age of five.
If my hon.
Friend would like to write to me on any particular issue, I would be happy to take it up.
Departmental officials are aware of the case he raises and are working with Kent county council to continue to deliver services.
rose—
I had not realised that Strangford was in Kent.
The issue is in Kent and in Strangford, Mr Speaker.
The Minister is right to respond on the importance of disability and family hubs in Kent, and in Northern Ireland we have a commitment to the very same process.
Has she had an opportunity to discuss the ways forward here with those in Northern Ireland, so that we can share experiences and the best way?
Does the Minister wish to answer that question, because it is definitely not linked?
I assure the hon.
Member that the Secretary of State has had such conversations and will continue to do so.
What steps her Department is taking to support schools requiring specialist facilities for SEND students.
What steps her Department is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps her Department is taking to improve special educational needs provision.
What progress she has made on improving support for children with SEND.
What steps she is taking to improve SEND services.
This topic is of interest to many colleagues across the House.
The previous Conservative Education Secretary labelled the special educational needs and disabilities system that she left behind as “lose, lose, lose”, and the shadow Minister said that the previous Government should “hang their heads” in shame over their record.
Just last week, a Schools Minister of 10 years said that they had “let down” thousands of children.
We agree wholeheartedly.
That is the system we inherited, but there is light at the end of the tunnel as this Labour Government work hard to reform and improve the system.
Some 52% of students at Dorset Studio school in my constituency have special educational needs, which is well above the national average, and 11% are in receipt of education, health and care plans.
A funding agreement between the Treasury and the Department for Education in February 2023 to upgrade the school’s facilities, including a new school hall, a canteen and specialist teaching facilities, aimed to bring the school up to purpose, yet there has been no progress since May 2024.
Will the Minister outline what steps the Department will take to get the ball rolling?
If she does not know, will she please meet me so that we can get things started as soon as possible?
I appreciate the hon.
Gentleman’s question and his concern about making advancements.