This is yet another headline-grabbing gimmick, with no plans to drive up standards in our schools.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for artificial intelligence research and development in the higher education sector.
The Labour Government are at the forefront of change and, as I said to the Bett conference last week, we are determined to ensure that
“AI will be a positive, radical, modernising force for good in the lives of working people.”
The Department for Education is a member of the AI working group collaborating across Government to share thinking and expertise as we develop future policy.
Many of my constituents and local academics have expressed concern about the cancellation last year, by this Government, of what would have been the UK’s only exascale computer, at Edinburgh University.
That was not mentioned at all in the AI opportunities action plan.
It would have been a major beneficial development in this sector.
What discussions is the Secretary of State having with Cabinet colleagues to ensure that this takes place, and can she reassure the public that the benefits of AI will be spread to universities across the UK?
I appreciate the hon.
Lady’s interest in this area.
She will know that the proposed exascale supercomputer is one programme that the Government are considering.
We are currently assessing the best way to take this forward.
The previous programme was announced under the last Government, for which full funding was not allocated.
We are committed to developing a strategy setting out a 10-year plan for our country’s needs.
That plan will be published in the coming months alongside the spending review, but I will ensure that officials in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology pick up her concern and that she receives a full response.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help retain clinical academics in universities.
As autonomous institutions, universities are responsible for their staffing decisions, including recruitment and retention.
Where the Tories left universities on the brink, we have acted decisively to secure the future of the higher education sector.
We remain committed to restoring universities as engines of growth, opportunity and aspiration.
The number of clinical academics is in worrying decline.
These are the people who teach our doctors in universities and are conducting groundbreaking research.
Consultant clinical academics’ contracts with universities give them pay parity with the NHS.
However, the universities do not have the funding to match the costs of the new NHS pay structure for consultants.
I have heard that, unable to retain them, 20 out of 26 medical schools in the country are offering voluntary redundancy to their staff, and sometimes not voluntary.
Does the Minister agree that we must do all we can to support medical education and research in this country?
I am aware that my hon.
Friend has extensive knowledge in this area, and I seek to reassure him that the Government recognise the vital role that clinical academics play in research and education in the NHS.
Although universities are independent and therefore responsible for decisions on pay, we are committed to working closely with education partners to ensure that clinical academia remains an attractive career choice for all, including students from disadvantaged backgrounds.
The new Pears medical school at the University of Cumbria and the Lancaster University medical school, among others, are struggling to recruit and retain medical academic staff, in no small part due to the last Government’s somewhat masochistic decision to undermine one of Britain’s best exports: namely, the income we receive from overseas students.
Will the Minister undo this  nonsense and allow Britain’s brilliant universities, especially the medical schools, to help boost the quest for economic growth?
Students are incredibly important to our universities, and we have some world-leading universities.
I will ask my hon.
Friend in the other place to respond to the hon.
Gentleman’s question.