The Government’s decision to make schools foot the bill for the teachers’ pay award is pushing many schools closer to the brink.
As the head of Richard Challoner school in my constituency told me, his and many other schools  are being forced to consider severe cuts to balance their budgets.
What support will the Secretary of State give schools in those difficult circumstances?
I recognise the challenging context that many schools experience after 14 years under the Conservatives.
At the Budget, notwithstanding the severe challenges that we face, the Chancellor prioritised key education areas, including making sure that we could deliver on that 5.5% pay award for teachers that the last Government refused to back.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
As a school governor, I recognise the importance of strong safeguarding measures to protect our children.
Will the Minister reassure me that rather than play politics on this issue or pander to extremes, the Government will remain laser-focused on improving safeguarding in our schools?
Protecting children is a cross-Government priority.
Although the devolved nations have their own safeguarding systems, we will continue to work closely with them to ensure that safeguarding remains a priority and that we all engage with our schools to see where we need to strengthen our safeguarding support.
A severe shortage of specialist provision and a council in dire financial straits is leaving children with severe levels of need in my constituency making four-hour round trips to school and back every day, which is too much for many of them to cope with.
What steps is the Minister taking, working with local Government to reduce such journey times for children who simply cannot cope with them?
The hon.
Lady raises a really important point.
No child should struggle to get to school because of a lack of transport, and no child should have to travel great distances if there could be an inclusive and appropriate place for them at their local mainstream school.
That is what we are determined to deliver for all children, both to ensure that they get the best opportunities and for their families.
Springfield Training provides excellent opportunities in Leeds South West and Morley for young people not in work, training or education to do fulfilling apprenticeships.
I have seen that in action myself.
What is the Department doing to support such organisations to get young people into work?
Independent training providers are an important part of the post-16 education landscape.
They are funded to deliver the training that employers and learners need.
That supports our plan for a youth guarantee to ensure that every young person can earn and learn.
Springfield Training contributes to that effort, governed by our contractual relationship with commercial providers.
We know that early diagnosis is critical to effective SEND provision, but there is a national crisis in the number and availability of educational psychologists.
Given that Ofsted and the Care Quality Commission are jointly investigating Cambridgeshire SEND services, will the Minister meet me and the council to discuss the outcome and actions from that?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising those matters.
I would be happy to meet her to understand the issues in more detail.
Students at Sir Frederick Gibberd college in Harlow have been taught in marquees and portacabins for over a year after the previous Government wasted £29 million on a building that has since been deemed unsafe.
What consideration will the Department give to support SFG college?
I thank pupils, teachers and school leaders for their resilience since the original buildings were closed in August 2023.
We have delivered high-quality temporary modular accommodation that the school will use until its new permanent buildings are ready.
We will continue to work closely with the trust and the local community to find a permanent solution.