I thank pupils, teachers and school leaders for their resilience since the original buildings were closed in August 2023.
We have delivered high-quality temporary modular accommodation that the school will use until its new permanent buildings are ready.
We will continue to work closely with the trust and the local community to find a permanent solution.
When I worked at the University of Salford, I was proud to be part of the revolution in higher degree apprenticeships that saw thousands of people finding new technical careers following higher education.
With unemployment rising and with recruitment agencies reporting significant reductions in job postings as companies squeeze their payroll following the Government’s national insurance increases, what new measures are the Government taking to protect apprenticeship levels in this economic climate?
After the Conservatives left us with a collapsing apprenticeship system as well as skills shortages, Labour has listened to employers and is redrawing the system through Skills England, a new growth and skills levy and new foundation apprenticeships.
To insulate our homes and build the 1.5 million we need, we will need far more construction workers—about 1 million over the next decade.
What steps are we taking on apprenticeships and training to ensure that we have the construction workers we need?
We are working across Government with the sector to put in place training schemes to build up the next generation of installers, including new apprenticeships for retrofit co-ordinators and installation technicians.
As I mentioned, we have also established Skills England, which will form a coherent national picture of skill gaps and how they can be addressed.
I recently visited a school in my constituency in a building that is hundreds of years old.
Its school condition allocation does not cover the work needed to keep the school warm, safe and up to date.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that classrooms in older buildings are fitted out?
Ensuring that schools and colleges have the resources and buildings that they need is a key part of our mission to break down barriers to opportunity.
I will be happy to meet the hon.
Member to hear more about his concerns.
Millmead children’s centre in my constituency helps young people achieve their early learning goals and provides safeguarding services, and it has been doing so with deprived families for many years, yet although Kent county council has been given £4 million to protect family hubs, it is not protecting those services.
Will the Minister explain to Kent county council that it should be finding the money for this vital service?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising her concern so passionately.
We are aware that Kent county council is taking the necessary steps to best meet the needs of families, and will continue to provide family hub services from existing alternative sites nearby.
That said, I am happy to meet her to discuss the matter further.
Wokingham borough council often struggles to find schools, including specialist schools, that can meet the needs of SEND pupils.
As a result, many children are receiving education other than at school, or are reliant on alternative provision.
Even so, there are often instances in which some needs identified in the EHCP are not met.
Will the Minister—
Order.
I am sorry; it is meant to be a topical question.
Somebody have a quick go at answering.
The Department for Education’s regional team engage with Wokingham regularly to discuss its SEND provision, provide support and constructive challenge, and share best practice.
That has included providing a DFE SEND adviser to work with Wokingham and support the local authority in improving its services.
I recently visited Beaconsfield primary school in Ealing Southall, where teachers told me they have to fill in up to six forms to get disabled children the help they need.
The time that takes is time they do not have, and they often need to choose which child to prioritise for support.