We are aware of local measures on auto-enrolment being trialled and are supportive of the overall aims of such schemes.
If her Department will provide sixth-form colleges with the funding required to support a 5.5% pay award for teaching staff.
The Government do not set or recommend pay in further education.
However, in the midst of tough decisions taken at the Budget to fix the foundations, after having been left with a £22 billion black hole by the Conservatives, we have reprioritised an additional £300 million for further education.
I declare an interest, because my husband works at Luton sixth-form college, although this question does not affect him.
I am proud to have Luton sixth-form college and Barnfield college in my constituency—places where young people develop not only their education but their ambitions.
Excellent sixth forms stay that way only by attracting and retaining the best staff.
However, with the funding shortfall left by the last Tory Government, I am concerned that it is our younger generations who will feel the loss.
Will the Minister outline how sixth-form colleges can use their funds to deliver the deserved 5.5% pay rise for teaching staff?
I recognise the vital role that sixth-form colleges play, including Luton sixth-form college, and I agree that high-quality staff are what helps to make them great, as well as our amazing students.
That is why we announced an additional £300 million for further education in the Budget, and it is why we are releasing £50 million of that funding in this academic year, so that colleges can respond to priorities, including workforce recruitment and retention, and use those funds as they see fit.
Balcarras school in my constituency has calculated that if its funding for its sixth form had increased by just 2% over the past 15 years, it would now have more than £650,000 extra to keep its school running.
The head warns me that the  sector is now at breaking point.
Do Ministers recognise what is going on in the sector after the years of underfunding we have had?
I reiterate that the one-off £50 million grant will enable colleges to respond to current priorities and challenges as they see fit, including workforce recruitment and retention.
It is up to those colleges and sixth forms to choose how to use that funding to best meet learners’ needs.
I invite the hon.
Member to write in if he would like some further information.
I call the shadow Minister.
The hon.
Member for Luton North (Sarah Owen)  has asked a very important question.
The Government funded the pay award for schools and academised sixth-form colleges but, unlike last year, not for stand-alone sixth-form colleges.
That decision has already led to seven days of industrial action.
After threats of judicial review, the Department for Education offered some additional funding, but only £7 million of the £19 million that is needed.
That funding gap has led to a pay gap, and as a result the National Education Union has more strikes planned and the NASUWT is also balloting.
What is the Government’s plan to end the dispute and end the damage that is being done to those students?
The hon.
Member will know that industrial relations are a matter for sixth-form colleges themselves, in co-ordination with the sector-led national bargaining arrangement through the national joint council.
We encourage open and constructive dialogue by all parties in the best interests of staff and students during this critical transition period.
What steps her Department is taking to encourage reading in schools.
Getting more children reading for pleasure is a key part of our plan for change, and of our work to drive high and rising standards across education by giving all our children the best start in life.