However, in a written answer to me in November on the continuity of education allowance and schools VAT, the Minister for Veterans and People said that
“the new VAT policy does not offer any exemptions”.
Yet on Friday we learned that children of US armed forces families serving in this country and attending British independent schools are exempt from VAT on  their UK school fees.
I do not begrudge them that—US forces are based in our country to defend us—but we want the same treatment for our people.
Finally, can the Minister confirm that the Secretary of State will bang on the door of No.
11 to demand, first, that the tax on death in service benefits be dropped and, secondly, that British forces families be treated the same as their American colleagues and granted a full exemption from education VAT?
Is it not time that Labour backed our armed forces with action, rather than just words?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman’s words about Holocaust Memorial Day.
His Majesty the King has been in Auschwitz for the 80th anniversary, and he spoke for the nation when he said that we will remember this evil long after the survivors of the Holocaust have passed.
I have set out clearly that, in the spring, we will lay out a path to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence.
We will also publish a strategic defence review, setting out what we will spend the money on and how we will respond to emerging threats.
As the hon.
Gentleman will know from the Defence Secretary’s statement last week, we will make it absolutely clear to those who threaten us that we will use the formidable capabilities available to us to defend the UK and our allies.
We inherited a situation in which, during their entire time in power, not a single Conservative Government spent 2.5% of GDP on defence.
The last time that 2.5% of GDP was spent on defence was under the last Labour Government.
We have inherited falling morale; a retention and recruitment crisis; service personnel living in mouldy, broken homes; and a hollowed-out and underfunded military.
That is what the SDR will seek to fix, and I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will be able to give us his full support.
Having listened to last week’s debate, the hon.
Gentleman will know that those who die on active service are exempt from the inheritance tax provisions.
He will also know that the Defence Secretary has uplifted CEA support to 90% for those who privately educate their children while serving in the military.
We will continue to support our armed forces, renewing the contract between the nation and those who serve.
We will publish the defence review in the spring, when we will also set out our path to spending 2.5%.
I call the Chair of the Defence Committee.
We live in an increasingly volatile world, so I thank the Minister for his clarification on defence spending.
Surely the cost of fighting a war, notwithstanding the human cost, is significantly higher than that of having a credible deterrent force.
The Prime Minister recently told me at the Liaison Committee that the strategic defence review has to be completed before the path to 2.5% can be plotted, so why have there been discussions about the timeline for that path before the SDR has been published?
We have said that we will publish the strategic defence review in the spring, and we will also set out a path to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence in the spring.
I do not recognise the publication timeline suggested by my hon.
Friend, but he is right that  deterring a war is cheaper than fighting one.
That is why we are continuing to support our allies in Ukraine, and making sure that we have a NATO-first defence policy—to deter aggression facing the United Kingdom and our allies, and, if necessary, to defeat it with formidable capabilities.