Gentleman that we inherited a position where it was not planned that Albion and Bulwark would go to sea for a single day before they were decommissioned—that was the plan we inherited from the Conservative Government.
We are looking at new capabilities as part of the strategic defence review, and the Defence Secretary has also committed from this Dispatch Box to the multi-role supply ship project, to provide littoral and landing capabilities for our brilliant Royal Marines, who have a bright future in the strategic defence review.
I think both sides of the House can agree that our peace and security are founded on strong armed forces.
Will the Minister therefore welcome the fact that we are spending £3 billion more on defence this year, as well as our firm commitment to get to 2.5% of GDP?
I agree that it is important that we spend more on defence.
That is why the Chancellor laid out from this Dispatch Box that we will spend an additional £2.9 billion on defence in the next financial year.
It is also why the Government have laid out our plan to renew the contract between the nation and those who serve.
This is about not just kit and equipment but people.
Addressing falling morale and poor-quality defence housing matter to our armed forces, and that is why this Labour Government are addressing those issues.
A trained and skilled workforce is central to a successful defence policy, and I saw that at first hand during my visit to RAF Valley, where I met Babcock apprentices who attend Grŵp Llandrillo Menai.
The Babcock programme supports young people to develop skills, so can I ask the Secretary of State to ensure that any increase in defence spending includes significant investment in training and apprenticeships?
As someone who has a large Babcock premises in his own constituency in Devonport, I understand the importance of making sure that there is investment in skills.
It is absolutely right that, just as we invest in the skills of our armed forces personnel, we also  invest in the skills of the civilians who support them.
That needs to happen not just in the primes but across the entire supply chain, and that is what is being set out in the defence review and the defence industrial strategy, which will be published in due course.
I am a strong supporter of making sure that we reach 2.5% of GDP on defence.
However, may I remind Conservative Members that one of the first things this Government did was to scrap a £40 million contract with a helicopter company that transported Conservative Ministers around the country?
Does the Minister agree that that will help to ensure that our defence spending goes on defending the nation, not on assuaging the egos of Conservative Members?
The shadow Defence Secretary was certainly a regular user of the helicopters, so he will be able to advise colleagues whether they were good value.
It is true that the Government need to demonstrate our support for our armed forces.
We are doing that by making sure that we invest more in defence, and we have also given our armed forces the largest pay rise in 20 years.
Recruits’ pay is up 34% under this Labour Government, and we are creating a new direct entry to cyber to make sure that we can get the people we need in the future.
It is not just the kit and capability but the people that this Government are investing in, and we will continue to do so.
I expect to see more of that in the defence review published in the spring.
I would like to see slightly more humility from all political parties on the subject of defence spending. [
Interruption.]
Thank you.
The Minister is right that defence spending was cut under the coalition, but we are in a different world now, with a great power attacking Europe.