If she does not know, will she please meet me so that we can get things started as soon as possible?
I appreciate the hon.
Gentleman’s question and his concern about making advancements.
Improving capital provision for children with special educational needs and disabilities is a priority for this Government, which is why we have allocated £740 million of additional investment to create those additional places in mainstream and special schools.
I am more than happy to look at the case he raises—indeed, it might also be for the Under-Secretary of State for Education, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) , to look at.
In Oxfordshire, the high needs of our accumulated deficit is expected to rise to £77.1 million by the end of 2025, and across England it is expected to rise to nearly £6 billion in the same period.
Does the Minister agree that, in the long term, a shift towards inclusive education, early intervention and enhanced support in mainstream schools is essential to create a sustainable and effective system that meets the needs of all children and young people, and will she commit to delivering it?
The hon.
Gentleman asks an important question, and we absolutely need to see a more inclusive mainstream system with an education, health and care plan process that gets children with special educational needs and disabilities the support they need.
By doing so, we will improve the mainstream inclusivity of our schools.
As I have outlined, we have allocated capital funding for that, but we are looking at reforms on a range of levels to ensure that children can be educated in their local community as far as is possible.
I draw attention to my declaration in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Since I was elected, I have heard countless times from parents across Broxbourne that the special educational needs system is too difficult to navigate and all too often just does not work.
What action is the Minister taking to improve the confidence of parents in the SEN system?
I recognise the story that the hon.
Gentleman tells.
Indeed, it is told by many families up and down the country.
He should recognise that this legacy was left by the last Conservative Government for many families and many children, letting them down.
We are working incredibly hard to reform our system with a curriculum and assessment review, with capital investment and by working with local authorities to improve the education, health and care plan process and the timeliness of assessments.
We will continue to do that to clean up the mess.
I recognise what my hon.
Friend says: she has inherited an appalling situation from the last Government.
A recent Public Accounts Committee report bore that out.
Can she give a little more information on how she will reduce the number of families not getting timely assessments?
How will she address the doubling of demand for assessments?
My hon.
Friend is right to refer to the worrying findings of the Public Accounts Committee on the situation we are in.
As she rightly identifies, it is our ambition that all children receive the right support to succeed, where possible within mainstream schools.
That will need education, health and care plans to be processed more effectively, but also for mainstream schools in and of themselves to be supported to become inclusive, so that children and their families are not left waiting.
That will help to reduce the cost of transport, because far too many children are being transported to other local authorities over great distance and time, as they cannot be educated locally.
All these measures will not only drive down the challenges for families, but get much better outcomes for the money being spent.
At a recent surgery, a constituent told me that she had fought Tory-led Hertfordshire county council to carry out an EHCP assessment for her son for well over a year.