That has included providing a DFE SEND adviser to work with Wokingham and support the local authority in improving its services.
I recently visited Beaconsfield primary school in Ealing Southall, where teachers told me they have to fill in up to six forms to get disabled children the help they need.
The time that takes is time they do not have, and they often need to choose which child to prioritise for support.
How will the Minister reduce unnecessary paperwork and make it easier and more efficient for schools to ensure that every disabled child gets the educational support that they need?
Yet again we hear about the urgent need to reform our SEND system.
We are determined to turn it around.
We will work with everyone across the House and anyone with an interest in this area, including parents, teachers and staff, because we need to get this right.
For safeguarding purposes, a number of primary schools in my constituency now allow pupils to wear their PE kit all day on PE days, rather than getting them changed in school.
What assurance and support will Ministers give those schools that are concerned about the changes to uniform policy that Labour is pushing through, particularly with respect to participation in PE?
There is no reason that schools should need to make any kind of change.
Of course, headteachers make practical decisions about how they feel they should run their schools.
We are cutting the cost to parents and putting more money back in their pockets, unlike the Conservative party, which seems to oppose practical, straightforward measures to cut the cost of school uniform.
Ensuring sensory and motor integration is crucial for a child’s development and learning, yet many services that do so are available only in the private sector.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can ensure that parents can access those crucial services?
I know that my hon.
Friend is a strong advocate for children with special educational needs and disabilities in her constituency, and I am happy to meet her to discuss the issue.
The Children’s Commissioner says that the Government are
“legislating against the things we know work in schools”.
Katharine Birbalsingh says the schools Bill is “catastrophic”.
Sir Dan Moynihan asks:
“Why are we doing this?”.
Why does the Education Secretary think that she knows more about education than the Children’s Commissioner, the head of the best school in the country, and the head of the best multi-academy trust?
This Labour Government are determined to deliver high and rising standards for all our children.
The Conservatives left 1,000 failing schools, continuing to let down more than 400,000 children.
They left one in three children leaving primary school without a firm foundation in English and maths, and one in five children regularly out of school.
If they want to debate their record, I will do it any day of the week.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the SEND crisis in Suffolk Coastal?
I have had over 100 families reach out to me since the general election to talk about their urgent needs and the crisis that they face because of Suffolk county council.
Yes.
In Devon, only 4.9% of EHCPs are received within 20 weeks.
Conservative-run Devon county council has been utterly failing our children for the past 10 years.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss what more we can do to support the council and turn things around for families, like that of my constituent James, who has had to wait two and a half years for the test that he needs to get an EHCP?
Local authorities have been significantly impacted by the increased demand for EHCPs, and by workforce capacity issues.
We know that they need a more effective and efficient service delivery for schools and families, and we are working as hard as we can to support local authorities in meeting their requirements in a timely way.