The legislation is in total chaos.
At the Dispatch Box she said that pay will not be capped by the legislation, yet we now know that it will be.
The Government cannot even do a U-turn correctly.
Last week the Prime Minister told the Leader of the Opposition to read the pay amendment, but five days later the Government have still not tabled it.
Can the Secretary of State tell me when it is going to come?
There was an awful lot in that but very little about how we deliver higher standards for our children, and that is what the Bill is all about.
The only people in hock to vested interests are the Conservatives—more interested in defending school uniform racketeers and the private schools lobby than investing in our state schools.
Widely accessible violent pornography is fuelling a culture of extreme misogyny and the normalisation of sexual violence and is warping the perceptions and attitudes of both young boys and girls to sex and healthy relationships.
What steps is the Secretary of State’s Department taking to encourage schools to be proactive in combating the influence of online pornography and the harms experienced by young people as a result?
I strongly agree with my hon.
Friend’s concerns, and I am determined to tackle the scourge of misogyny.
She brings experience to this place—
Order.
Sorry about this, Secretary of State.
Please, Members have to sit down.
They cannot just remain standing up when the questions are being answered.
Do we all understand?
Great.
My hon.
Friend brings real expertise to this matter from her experience in education.
We are reviewing the relationship, sex and health education guidance to ensure that schools are able to teach what children need to know in the modern world.
Our school staff have a crucial role to play in tackling this issue as well.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Last week’s National Audit Office report found £13.8 billion-worth of maintenance backlogs in our schools.
With thousands of students who are taking A-levels and GCSEs studying in schools with crumbling reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete and the Joint Union Asbestos Committee warning that pupils and teachers face a tsunami of deaths after being exposed to asbestos on the school estate, what urgent steps are Ministers taking to ensure that our children and school staff can focus on teaching and learning and not have to worry about whether they are safe?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
Far too often our staff have had to focus on maintenance and buildings rather than driving up standards in our schools.
The Conservatives talk about their record, but their record was children cowering under steel props because of the RAAC crisis that they left behind.
This morning I visited Cledford primary school in Middlewich to speak in their school assembly.
During my visit, the headteacher proudly showed me the school-based nursery that staff went above and beyond to get ready for the start of this term.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating Cledford on getting the nursery up and running, and can he outline the role that school-based nurseries will play in helping children achieve their early learning goals?
High-quality childcare and early education is a crucial opportunity to transform life chances, but too often it is unavailable or unaffordable.
That is why this Labour Government are committed to delivering additional places in new and expanded school-based nurseries.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend’s school on the work it is doing.
Our plans will benefit children and parents with high-quality and accessible provision.
The Government’s decision to make schools foot the bill for the teachers’ pay award is pushing many schools closer to the brink.
As the head of Richard Challoner school in my constituency told me, his and many other schools  are being forced to consider severe cuts to balance their budgets.
What support will the Secretary of State give schools in those difficult circumstances?