The other areas are subject to a Treasury consultation, and the Treasury will make an announcement in due course.
Is it not the reality of the past 14 years that we have fewer soldiers and fewer Navy and Air Force personnel and that, in an uncertain world, we need to reverse that trend and grow our military forces to deal with those threats?
It is certainly true that this Government inherited an armed forces that, as world-class as they are, were struggling with falling morale, poor housing and capability gaps thanks to 14 years of underfunding and hollowing out.
The strategic defence review will set out what capabilities we need to meet the threats, and the path to 2.5% will set out what will be spent on those capabilities.
We also need to improve how we spend because the defence procurement system is broken— something that was well highlighted by  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge)  and  the right hon.
Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois)  when they were in government.
That will be fixed, and we will ensure that we have a strong set of armed forces able to deter aggression and defeat it if necessary.
The Minister says the strategic defence review will be announced in the spring, but is that the astronomical spring, which he will note ends on  21 June , or the meteorological spring, which ends, from memory, on  31 May ?
He talks about a “pathway to 2.5%”.
That is a carefully crafted phrase from the Dispatch Box.
Is the pathway short or long?
Can he not give an answer to a straight question: when will we hear about 2.5%?
When will it be announced?
What is the date and the year?
The strategic defence review will be published in spring this year, and the path to 2.5% will also be announced in spring this year.
I am grateful to the Minister and his Department for setting out the need for increased defence spending because, like so many here, I believe we are living through a change  of era where the assumptions of globalisation and multilateralism are being refuted by reality, and it demands the renewal of our modern productive power in defence and the civil economy.
The simple reality is to that build strong alliances, we must maintain and build our autonomy.
Is it not the case that the one key fact about all this is that to maintain a good relationship with the United States, we will have to spend more on defence?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that we have to spend more on defence.
I think everyone in this House agrees with that, and that is why this Labour Government are spending more on defence: an extra £2.9 billion as announced in the Budget and a pathway to spending 2.5% of our GDP, which will be announced later in the spring.
It was the Minister’s assessment of costs that drove the decision to decommission Bulwark and Albion.
But if the Brazilians are going to buy them, they cannot have been that bad, can they?
Let me say very clearly to the right hon.
Gentleman that we inherited a position where it was not planned that Albion and Bulwark would go to sea for a single day before they were decommissioned—that was the plan we inherited from the Conservative Government.
We are looking at new capabilities as part of the strategic defence review, and the Defence Secretary has also committed from this Dispatch Box to the multi-role supply ship project, to provide littoral and landing capabilities for our brilliant Royal Marines, who have a bright future in the strategic defence review.
I think both sides of the House can agree that our peace and security are founded on strong armed forces.