That will help to reduce the cost of transport, because far too many children are being transported to other local authorities over great distance and time, as they cannot be educated locally.
All these measures will not only drive down the challenges for families, but get much better outcomes for the money being spent.
At a recent surgery, a constituent told me that she had fought Tory-led Hertfordshire county council to carry out an EHCP assessment for her son for well over a year.
Since it concluded, she has been forced to go to tribunal six times in the past two years.
She informed me that she met resistance from the school and the council throughout.
After years of neglect by not only the previous Conservative Government, but Conservative local councils, I welcome the steps the Government are taking to reform the SEND system.
What assurances can the Minister give to my constituent and others in Hemel that EHCP assessments will be a priority?
I am sorry to hear what my hon.
Friend says about his constituent.
We need to see education, health and care plan assessments progressed more promptly, and we need to ensure that plans are issued as quickly as possible, so that children can begin to benefit from the support.
The Department is working closely with local authorities that have issues with timeliness.
There is, without doubt, a lot more to do, but we are determined to improve the situation for children and their families.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
There are children with special educational needs and disabilities in every school across the country.
Often, they face unacceptable barriers to participation, including school buildings that are not inclusive or fully accessible.
What is the Minister doing, as part of the Government’s welcome commitment to inclusive mainstream schools, to ensure that all expenditure by the Department for Education on new school buildings and building refurbishments helps to make schools more inclusive?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
We want every teacher to be a SEND teacher and every school to be an inclusive school.
We are making progress by investing £1 billion into SEND, and £740 million into creating more inclusive specialist places in mainstream schools and undertaking the adaptations that may be required in mainstream schools to make them more accessible.
What steps she is taking to strengthen safeguarding for children.
The Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill is the single biggest piece of child protection legislation in a generation.
It will stop more children falling through the cracks through landmarks reforms—no more empty words but real action to keep children safe.
It is a shame that the Conservative Opposition have played silly games on this subject.
Last week, the Leader of the Opposition dismissed safeguarding measures in the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill as a distraction. [
Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Timothy, you have been a bit loud recently, and I am sure you do not want an early cup of tea today.
After the tragic cases of Star Hobson, Arthur Labinjo-Hughes and Sara Sharif, will the Secretary of State remind Opposition Members why those measures are vital if we are to protect children?
Opposition Members might not like it, but that is what the Leader of the Opposition said.
The Conservatives had 14 years to stop vulnerable children falling through the cracks.
Now is the time for action—no more empty words or lessons learned.
Labour has brought forward the single biggest piece of child  protection legislation in a generation, but the Conservatives refuse to back it.
To label the measures a distraction is a new low.
I encourage the shadow Secretary of State to distance herself from those shocking remarks.
The Secretary of State should consider what she just said.
The Bill has specific clauses about home schooling.