Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois) , used when he was on the Defence Committee.
It must make for awkward team meetings, given that the man responsible for the broken procurement system,  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge) , is sitting in those meetings as his boss.
We have set out clearly that, as part of our defence reform work, we will create a new national armaments director.
The new defence industrial strategy will be published in due course, which will set out how we will spend more with British companies, supporting not just the primes but small and medium-sized enterprises in all parts of the United Kingdom.
Let me try to help the Minister understand where the Opposition’s concern is coming from: it is because of the realisation, or suspicion, that the arbiter of when and how 2.5% is realised is not the Secretary of State for Defence but the Chancellor.
This is a Chancellor who scarcely understands the fundamentals of economics, much less the fundamentals of defence and the threat environment that these islands face.
What will the path to 2.5% look like?
Is there a date, or is it when certain criteria are met?
Also, the Minister be clear on who the final arbiter will be?
Is the Treasury saying, “2.5% when you need it,” or “2.5% when we decide it”?
The hon.
Gentleman invites me to make the announcement that I am saying will come in the spring.
To answer his concerns, I point him to the fact that the path to 2.5% will be set out in the spring.
During my recent visit to Britannia Royal Naval College with the armed forces parliamentary scheme, I saw the vital role that investment in defence plays in supporting our armed forces and creating skilled jobs.
Does the Minister agree that unlike the Conservatives’ inconsistent defence strategy, this Labour Government’s £9 billion investment in Rolls-Royce shows a clear commitment to strengthening our national security and growing our economy?
The armed forces parliamentary scheme is a brilliant scheme that introduces Members across this House to the important work done by our armed forces.
As a Navy brat myself and the proud MP for Devonport in Plymouth, I know the importance of a strong Royal Navy, Royal Marines and Royal Fleet Auxiliary.
The £9 billion announcement last week is an important part of securing our nuclear future, backing jobs across the country and supporting jobs across the entire supply chain—it makes Britain stronger.
The armed forces covenant is a promise—a promise that together we acknowledge and understand that those who serve or have served in the armed forces and their families, including the bereaved, should be treated with fairness and respect.
How is the imposition of inheritance tax on death in service payments of some families of deceased soldiers fair and consistent with that?
It is certainly true that we have a manifesto commitment to put the armed forces covenant fully into law.
That will come forward in the armed forces Bill in due course.
We set out from the Dispatch Box last week that the inheritance tax does not apply to those members of our armed forces who die on active service.
The other areas are subject to a Treasury consultation, and the Treasury will make an announcement in due course.
Is it not the reality of the past 14 years that we have fewer soldiers and fewer Navy and Air Force personnel and that, in an uncertain world, we need to reverse that trend and grow our military forces to deal with those threats?
It is certainly true that this Government inherited an armed forces that, as world-class as they are, were struggling with falling morale, poor housing and capability gaps thanks to 14 years of underfunding and hollowing out.