Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise today to speak on the rule for H.R. 2670, the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2024. This is an important measure that for over 60 years, Republicans and Democrats have come together to support investments authorized in the NDAA that will help address the changing global landscape and prepare the country for future challenges and threats. I along with my colleagues have offered a number of robust and thoughtful amendments in furtherance of a process that has generally been bipartisan work on behalf of America's national defense. However, I am dismayed that this year, my Republican colleagues in the majority have refused meaningful consideration of the majority of amendments offered by my Democratic colleagues. While I am grateful that one of my amendments was made in order, the Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1075 (No. 136 as reported in the Rule) and included in the En Bloc package No. 3, it is beyond disappointing and disgraceful that my additional 19 amendments were not made in order-- and particularly ones I have offered for many years and have been made in order. With respect to my amendment that was made in order, I ask for a favorable vote on the En Bloc package No. 3 in support of the Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1075. The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1075 would require that a report be submitted within 220 days of the NDAA's passage detailing our national capacity to provide disaster survivors with short term housing. In the aftermath of emergencies and national disasters, victims have much on their minds. Homes, properties, businesses, and livelihoods may have been damaged in the disaster, and families, friends, and community members may be mentally and physically affected by the disaster, not to mention additional challenges as they seek to return to work and school. As these communities begin to face the long process of recovery and rebuilding, short term housing is one of the first things disaster survivors need to get back on their feet. Unfortunately, my constituents and I are no stranger to these kinds