In 2017, Hurricane Harvey devastated the Houston area, affecting over 100,000 homes across the city. In the aftermath of the storm, finding temporary housing was one of the biggest challenges to recovery for many suIvivors. Short-term housing was difficult to coordinate due to the sheer number of Houstonians affected. As such, it is crucial that Congress have a strong understanding of our current capabilities and, specifically, our ability to provide these survivors with short term housing before disaster strikes. If voted on favorably, this report will not only inform us of our current capacity to provide housing but will also better equip Congress to respond to disasters and support survivors in the future. In addition to this amendment, I offered the below listed amendments. The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1051 directed the Secretary of Defense to submit a report on the naming practices recognizing African American service members in the Department of Defense. Throughout the history of our Nation, from the Battle of Lexington through the Battle of Fallujah to Afghanistan and Iraq, Black soldiers have served honorably and answered the call to duty during our nation's time of maximum danger. For over 200 years, African Americans have participated in every conflict that confronted this Nation. Besides fighting the common enemies of this country with unmatched bravery and valor, Black soldiers also had to confront individual and institutional racism of their countrymen. African American servicemembers have served with great valor and distinction in all branches of our nation's armed forces. Since the revolutionary war, Black Americans have faithfully defended this Nation and built a legacy of courage, commitment, and professionalism. Like any other group of Americans, Black soldiers have served the armed forces with great honor, distinction, and generational inspiration. The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1051 would have ensured that the legacies of Black American servicemembers are duly recognized and honored. The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1104 requires a report to be submitted to Congress within 240 days of NDAA enactment on the risks posed by debris in low Earth orbit and to make recommendations on remediation of risks and outline plans to reduce the incident of space debris. Space debris encompasses both natural and artificial particles and this amendment would address the risk of man-made space debris. Man- made objects in Earth's orbit that may no longer serve a useful function can include nonfunctional spacecraft, abandoned launch vehicle stages, mission-related debris and fragmentation debris. Space debris travels at speeds up to 17,500 miles per hour--fast enough for a small piece of man-made debris to damage a satellite or a spacecraft. There are more than 20,000 pieces of debris larger than a softball orbiting the Earth. There are 500,000 pieces of debris the size of a marble or larger tracked by NASA, and there are many millions of pieces