Command at Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska. In this role she is responsible for overseeing the Inspector General's staff which includes conducting Inspector General inquiries, analysis, investigations and inspections, as well as providing technical advice for the command. She previously served in the U.S. Air Force for over 21 years, where her hard work and dedication enabled her to work her way to the top. Ms. Richards started her military service as an Air Force loadmaster where she worked on over twenty campaigns and operations. She then served as adjutant for a KC-135 training squadron and later as Chief of Protocol at Altus Air Force Base in Oklahoma. As she advanced in rank and experience, Ms. Richards was given more authority and responsibility, ultimately becoming a Detachment Commander with the Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI). In this position she performed critical work in Colorado, California, Hawaii, the Republic of Korea, and Qatar. As an AFOSI Detachment Commander she directed felony-level criminal investigations, counterterrorism operations, protection of the President, and defensive and offensive counterintelligence and counterespionage operations. After retiring from the Air Force, Ms. Richards continued to serve her country. Among her many positions, she served for more than six years in United States Strategic Command's Missile Defense and Combating Weapons of Mass Destruction Division, where she led the command's Missile Defense Issue Team, several Deputy Secretary of Defense-directed Strategic Portfolio Reviews, the Secretary of Defense Combatant Command Review 1.0 and 2.0 for missile defense matters, and the President of the United States-directed 2019 Missile Defense Review. She co-authored a proposal for transfer of the missile defense mission from USSTRATCOM that was ultimately accepted and included in the 2022 Unified Command Plan. Ms. Richards' major awards include the Omaha-Lincoln Federal Executive Association Team of the Year and Supervisory Employee of the Year; DoD's Best Force Protection Program Team Award; the FBI Director's Award for Exceptional Service in the Public Trust; and multiple awards of the Meritorious Service Medal; the Air Medal; the Aerial Achievement Medal; the Meritorious Unit Award; the USAF Outstanding Unit Award; the Combat Readiness Medal; and other military medals and decorations. Ms. Christina Richards' dedication, service, and leadership stands as a testament to the hard work and loyalty of the service men and women