Last Saturday I had the privilege of attending the launch of the north-east Field of Remembrance, run by the Royal British Legion, in Saltwell Park in my constituency.
Will the Leader of the House join me in thanking and congratulating the Royal British Legion on an excellent ceremony?
Saltwell Park is a massively brilliant venue for our north-east Field of Remembrance.
I was also wondering how soon we might get an announcement that will lead to the recommencement of the Backbench Business Committee in this Session of Parliament.
First of all, I am very happy to join the hon.
Gentleman in congratulating the Royal British Legion in his constituency on all the work they do all year round, but particularly at this time of year.
I have been prodding my colleagues with regard to his request, and I hope to have some news for him this afternoon.
This weekend, the nation will fall silent to remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice in the great war, the second world war and other conflicts.
Next weekend at the Cenotaph, the Association of Jewish Ex-servicemen and Women will conduct its annual march.
That will be a really important security operation for the Metropolitan police.
Last year, my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Cheltenham (Alex Chalk)  became the first ever Minister to lay a wreath at that service.
Will my right hon.
Friend allow a debate in Government time on the contribution made by Jewish ex-servicemen and women, and will she prevail on the Defence Secretary or a Defence Minister to attend the service and lay a wreath?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that very important point.
It is right that we mark the contribution of all ex-servicemen and women.
He mentions the—I think 120,000—Jewish servicemen who fought in world wars with our British armed forces.
These are incredibly important events, and  19 November  coincides with Mitsvah Day, a day when the Jewish community around the country will be supporting local charities and communities—another example of the service they give to their communities and this nation.
I am very happy to ensure that there is ministerial attendance at that event.
That tradition should continue.
I cannot tell him which Minister, but I shall make sure that all relevant Departments remember the request.
The Leader of the House has assured the House time and again that it is the intention of the House of Commons Commission and herself to bring forward measures on  risk-based exclusions, which we were meant to debate before the summer recess.
It is now November.
I am sure the right hon.
Lady is bored of being asked this question, but not as bored as I am of having to keep asking it.
With yet more recent reports alleging serious misconduct while measures to address them appear to be kicked into the long grass, when will time be found to discuss how to ensure Parliament is a safe workplace and to restore our reputation with the public?
When either the Committees of this House or the Commission bring forward proposals to be debated on the Floor of the House, we find time very swiftly—usually within a week.
We did debate the proposals before the summer recess and there were some very legitimate comments from Members.
The hon.
Lady took part in that debate herself, if I remember correctly.
The Commission is considering these things and as soon as it has finalised a proposal we will, just as we always have, bring it back to this House.
Since my election, I have liaised closely with the Environment Agency and City of Doncaster Council to ensure that we never again see as many flood victims as we saw in 2019.
Storm Babet resulted in the flooding of 15 properties; far more were flooded in 2019.