That is perhaps an area that my hon.
Friend could also look into.
I know very well that he has previously been incredibly successful in securing levelling-up funding.
As a champion of the Morecambe Eden project, I understand that £50 billion has been raised through the levelling-up project in his area, so I am well aware of his capability in that field.
In response to  the hon.
Member for Reading East (Matt Rodda) , let me say that I would be delighted to look into funding opportunities, specifically around access.
I will write to him about that, because I am not familiar with what might be available at this time.
On the wider funding for canals and inland waterways, we know—because my hon.
Friend has just explained—how important these national heritage assets are, providing many public benefits.
I am also fully aware of how important it is to have access to water and green spaces for our physical health and mental wellbeing, not to mention the benefits that they provide for nature.
Those benefits are set out in our Environmental Improvement Plan.
Halting the decline of nature by 2030 and increasing its abundance thereafter is the apex priority following the Environment Act 2023.
Canals and waterways, rivers, lakes, coastal areas and streams are fundamental to that.
People enjoy being by canals and waterways and using them for leisure and recreation, as well as, in the case of canals, for their historical value.
They form an important part of our natural environment by providing the green corridors along which biodiversity can flourish, as well as contributing to the growth of local economies, such as through domestic tourism.
The Canal & River Trust reports that there were nearly 900 million visits to its canals last year, many of which were repeat visits—with around 10 million individual users each month.
That gives us a real sense of the scale and popularity of our canals.
I pay tribute to the Canal & River Trust for the work that it does day in, day out to look after the network.
Our navigation authorities have an important role to play into the future as well, because they will make sure that our nation’s key infrastructure is resilient to climate change.
As we have set out in our national adaptation plan of how we will mitigate and adapt to the risks set out by Climate Change Committee, these waterways may suffer the consequences of climate change more than others.
Importantly, the work that the navigation authorities do will help us meet our net zero targets through sustainable transport and energy generation, and help to achieve water security through flood mitigation measures and water transfers.
I will write to my hon.
Friend the Member for Morecambe and Lunesdale with the specifics of any funding analysis that has been done.
As I say, I am not the Minister responsible for inland waterways, but I will take the time to write a detailed analysis if I can.
I may require further information from the volunteers and the partnerships that he mentioned.
The Canal & River Trust and the Environment Agency are the two bodies that receive direct funding, and it is important to be clear that we will continue to provide significant funding.
The Canal & River Trust was set up in 2012 as a charity independent of Government.
The idea was to replace the publicly owned British Waterways and free it from public spending constraints.
The trust owns and manages a network of some 2,000 miles of canals and rivers in England and Wales.
The original endowment in 2012 was £450 million, but it is now worth £1 billion.
From 2027, £400 million is proposed to be granted over a 10-year period.
We will continue to support the Canal & River Trust, but we certainly encourage it to work with others to make the most of the commercial opportunities as well.