The original endowment in 2012 was £450 million, but it is now worth £1 billion.
From 2027, £400 million is proposed to be granted over a 10-year period.
We will continue to support the Canal & River Trust, but we certainly encourage it to work with others to make the most of the commercial opportunities as well.
Now that the trust is free of public sector financing constraints, it can source alternative revenue streams, including charitable donations and legacies, charity tax relief, third-party project funding and borrowing on the financial markets, while continuing to receive a substantial Government grant.
The trust was also endowed by the Government with a significant property and investment portfolio from British Waterways.
As I said, it was originally worth £450 million and is now worth over £1 billion.
That is the result of sound investment management by the trust.
To provide further support and financial certainty for the trust while it was becoming established, the Government agreed in 2012 to provide a 15-year grant of around £740 million.
An important part of the 2012 transfer from British Waterways was the memorandum of understanding signed by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and the trust, which contained a clear objective that the trust would progressively move towards greater self-sufficiency and reduced reliance on public  funding, through its £1 billion property and investment portfolio and freedom from public sector financial constraints.
Following a Government review of current grant funding that was announced in July this year, a further substantial grant funding package has been announced that will provide £400 million across the 10-year period from 2027.
Importantly, that will bring the total amount of Government support for the trust to around £1.1 billion since 2012.
I also want to discuss the funding for the Environment Agency; as I mentioned, there are two bodies that look after the network of canals and rivers.
The Environment Agency’s 630 miles of navigations are funded in the form of an annual grant in aid.
For the three-year period from 2022-23 to 2024-25, that amounts to £73 million.
I hope I have set out that this Government really have supported canals and rivers, whether through the Canal & River Trust or the Environment Agency, but that there are other ways in which those organisations can bring in additional funding, as we have heard.
To focus on the project that my hon.
Friend is progressing, which is the most important thing, I cannot commend too highly the volunteers and their ambitions for their area.
The project has such importance for the local community, because it will not only bring back something that was last used in 1947, but will bring benefits such as tackling climate change, improving people’s physical and mental wellbeing, and supporting biodiversity.
That is absolutely what we should be doing.
It supports the targets of the environmental improvement plan and the work of groups such as Sustrans, public rights of way and national trails.
We all recognise the benefits of being near water and appreciating nature—and, goodness me, we all need to get a little bit more active.
I confirm that I will write to my hon.
Friend with the detailed analysis of the funding for the project so far, and I will take a look at other funding streams as well.
Most importantly, I look forward to visiting him, perhaps in Kendal, to congratulate the volunteers on their hard work and success to date.
It is brilliant to end today’s sitting with some wonderful good news about a really successful big society mission.
Question put and agreed to.
House adjourned.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Home Secretary if she will make a statement on the operational independence of the Metropolitan police.
About a month ago, Hamas perpetrated a sickening terrorist attack in Israel, murdering 1,400 innocent people, often in horrific circumstances.