House adjourned.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Home Secretary if she will make a statement on the operational independence of the Metropolitan police.
About a month ago, Hamas perpetrated a sickening terrorist attack in Israel, murdering 1,400 innocent people, often in horrific circumstances.
About 200 people remain held hostage by Hamas, a terrorist organisation, and I am sure that the thoughts of the whole House are with those hostages today.
We have also seen, in the United Kingdom, thousands of people demonstrating in recent weeks.
Thanks to the tireless work of the police, those incidents have largely passed without significant incident.
However, a number of arrests, now nearly 200, have been made, where people have committed disorder, racially aggravated crimes or assaults on police officers.
It is right that police officers have acted robustly in those cases.
It is also right that the police are operationally independent of government.
That is a fundamental principle of British policing, as the Prime Minister made clear yesterday.
The Metropolitan police asked protesters to postpone their planned protest this weekend, but the request was refused.
The Prime Minister met the commissioner yesterday to seek reassurances that remembrance events will be protected.
Of course, remembrance events play a special part in this nation’s long and proud history, and it would be a grave insult if they were to be disrupted in any way.
It is for the Metropolitan police to decide whether to apply to the Home Secretary to ban any march.
As of this morning, no such application has been received, but the Home Secretary will, of course, carefully consider one should it be made.
I reiterate that the police retain the confidence of the Prime Minister, Home Secretary and myself in using all the powers available to them, under terrorism legislation and public order legislation, to prevent criminality and disorder, and hate speech.
Let me say to the House that I have been contacted this morning repeatedly by members of the Jewish community who are deeply apprehensive about what this weekend may bring, and I want to put on record that we expect the police to protect those members of communities in London, including the Jewish community, who are feeling vulnerable this weekend.
There are comprehensive powers in place to do that.
Hate has no place on London’s streets and we expect the police to ensure that the laws are upheld.
There are powers in  place to deal with people spreading hate or deliberately raising tensions through harassment and abusive behaviour.
The police can impose conditions on marches, as indeed they have done to prevent pro-Palestine protesters from approaching the Israeli embassy, to give one example.
The police have also used section 60AA conditions to require people to remove face coverings, but the use of those powers is, of course, an operational matter for the Metropolitan Police Service.
This weekend should first and foremost be about remembering those who gave their lives in defence of this country.
Any disruption to remembrance services would be completely unacceptable and an insult to their memory.
I have confidence that the Metropolitan police and other police forces will ensure that this weekend passes off peacefully and without disruption.
Where is the Home Secretary?
She has sent the Policing Minister here to refuse to repeat her words.
We have seen her words this morning; she has been attempting to rip up the operational independence of the police, attacking their impartiality in the crudest and most partisan of ways, deliberately undermining respect for the police at a sensitive time, when they have an important job to do, and deliberately seeking to create division around remembrance, which the Policing Minister rightly said should be a time for communities to come together and to pay our respects.
She is deliberately inflaming community tensions in the most dangerous of ways.
She is encouraging extremists on all sides, attacking the police when she should be backing them.