Friend for the work he is doing.
He raises an important point, and if he were to apply for a debate, I am sure it would be well attended.
The Department of Health and Social Care invests about £1 billion a year in research through the National Institute for Health and Care Research, and that institution welcomes funding applications on any  aspect of health research.
Its expenditure on cancer research in the last financial year was over £100 million.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important matter, and I shall draw the attention of the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care to what he has said.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Before her rapid rise to her current role as the Leader of the House, the right hon.
Lady briefly served as Minister for Women and Equalities.
There is—believe it or not—still such a role in this Tory Government.
I raise that because recently there have been some absolutely shocking insights into the Government’s attitudes to women and equalities that give us an opportunity to assess her Government’s record, and—spoiler alert for her—it is grotesque.
First, we had the stomach-churning misogyny in language and behaviour described by witnesses at the covid inquiry.
I imagine that even the Leader of the House would find it hard to defend the routine and disgraceful attacks on women in a Government she served.
It told us so much.
We then had the United Nations rapporteur on extreme poverty and human rights, Oliver De Schutter, telling the right hon.
Lady’s Government that their record on poverty was “simply not acceptable” and was violating international laws.
That surprises no one who sees the effects of her Government’s cruel policies day in and day out.
Then a former Tory chair joined the fray by saying that there was “rot at the heart” of the party she was once so proud to be a member of—a rot at the heart of Government.
What we are talking about is the Tory Government’s values, and those values are not Scotland’s values.
Their values suggest that the way to help the homeless is to ban charities from supplying tents to rough sleepers—it is a “lifestyle choice” to be homeless, is it not?
Those comments were so misjudged that even the Prime Minister was embarrassed.
They have the values that say, “We don’t care if we break international laws on poverty and the human rights of the poorest”, and that women can be dismissed in the foulest way imaginable as a part of normal behaviour.
Simon Case, the country’s most senior civil servant, said that he had
“never seen a bunch of people less well-equipped to run a country”.
He should know.
Can we have a debate on the Tory Government’s values and what 13 years under this “brutal and useless” Government have done to progress women and equalities and the interests of the most vulnerable among us in this far from United Kingdom?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her questions.
The powerful words this week of Susie Flintham of Covid-19 Bereaved Families for Justice should give us all pause for thought.
That is why the Government have placed professionalism and care of each other at the heart of what we do.
We are the first Government to have set up a ministerial human resources function in Whitehall—it is shameful that previously that did not exist.
That is also why we are focused on more training and support for MPs, Ministers and officials, and it is why, in my evidence to the Standards Committee, I said that the only way we will make the nation proud of our conduct here is to recognise the responsibility and duty  of care we have to each other across the hundreds of organisations that make up the political landscape—Parliament, political parties and Whitehall.
The Government and I as Leader of the House take these matters incredibly seriously.
The hon.