I thank the hon.
Gentleman very much for his comments.
We do not give routine updates or a running commentary on sanctions, but he may rest assured that we are looking at Hamas in every respect.
He drew attention to the Foreign Affairs Select Committee’s report; as he will know, we recently announced sanctions—both direct and indirect—against Wagner.
While we are careful not to discuss specific cases, we take all potential breaches very seriously, and all businesses that are registered in the UK are bound by law to comply with the Russia sanctions regime.
The Minister has given us a very informative statement.
I am very interested in this business of intellectual knowledge getting to Russia via third parties.
Can I take it that His Majesty’s Government have contacted and spoken with the vice-chancellors and principals of our academic institutions the length and breadth of the UK to advise them how this must be stopped?
I thank the hon.
Member for his comments about my informative—but overlong, Mr Speaker—answer to this urgent question, and I can assure him that we deal with all relevant areas.
The point he makes about academic areas is a very good one, and we will make sure that that is fully taken into account.
I call the shadow Leader of the House.
Will the Leader of the House give us the business for next week?
The business for the week commencing  13 November  will be:
Monday 13 November —Continuation of the debate on the King’s Speech, on building an NHS fit for the future.
Tuesday 14 November —Continuation of the debate on the King’s Speech, on securing high, sustained economic growth in every part of the country.
Wednesday 15 November —Conclusion of the debate on the King’s Speech, on reducing serious violence and violence against women and girls, and raising confidence in policing and the criminal justice system.
Thursday 16 November —Debate on the reports of the Speaker’s Conference on the employment conditions of Members’ staff, followed by a general debate on COP28.
Friday 17 November —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  20 November  will include:
Monday 20 November —Remaining stages of the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill.
Tuesday 21 November —Second Reading of the Media Bill.
Wednesday 22 November —My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor will make his autumn statement, followed by a debate on the autumn statement.
Thursday 23 November —Continuation of the debate on the autumn statement.
Friday 24 November —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  27 November  will include:
Monday 27 November —Conclusion of the debate on the autumn statement.
So there we have it: confirmation that the Government have given up on governing.
The Prime Minister’s first and likely only King’s Speech, and what should be his moment of maximum power and authority—yet it was not, because he is too weak, he has no burning agenda, he cannot escape his Government’s own record and he certainly cannot be the change the country is crying out for.
The verdict is in: “thin gruel”, “damp squib”, “dull as ditchwater”, “a series of gimmicks”, and a Prime Minister who had
“already checked out, his wheelie was at the door”.
Those are not my words, but those of Conservative Members.
The Leader of the House knows it and they know it: yet another failed reset.
They are out of ideas and out of road—“drifting to defeat”, as one has put it today.
The programme is so thin it is embarrassing.
Of the few Bills announced, five are carry-overs, four are barely longer than a page, three we have seen before and the flagship crime Bill has already been shelved.
Despite the big issues facing our country, the Government’s answers  are so small.
There is nothing to tackle the cost of living crisis, just a Prime Minister deluded that everything is going great, and even getting his own figures wrong.