There is much that we would do.
We would bring in a fiscal responsibility lock, so that mortgage payers never again pay the price of Conservative failure.
We would ban water bosses’ bonuses and clean up our rivers; end non-dom tax breaks and have more doctors and teachers; change planning laws to build  more affordable homes; levy a proper windfall tax; and set up GB energy.
We would make work pay, legislate for proper leasehold reform and rights for renters, tackle crime and violence against women and girls, introduce a skills and growth levy, and pass real rail and bus reform—the list goes on.
The Prime Minister was right about one thing: this country needs change.
But his programme offers more of the same: weakness, failure, political stunts and division.
This Government have given up on governing and are preparing for jobs in opposition, but take it from me: Opposition is not all it is cracked up to be.
It is a privilege to have the power of Government and a majority in this place.
Is not the biggest travesty of all that they do not even want it any more?
I start by thanking you, Mr Speaker, all Members and all staff of this House for making the State Opening and the King’s first Gracious Address to Parliament so successful.
I know that many right hon.
and hon.
Members will be taking part in remembrance services across the nation and overseas this weekend.
Medals proudly worn by our veterans are not just thanks from a grateful nation; they are a message for the rest of us.
We should remember their service and sacrifice, but also the lessons that made their service and sacrifice both necessary and possible.
This weekend, as we attend services and lay wreaths beside memorials, we should reflect on how best to honour them and the freedoms we enjoy because of them, and protect their precious legacy.
The shadow Leader of the House started by talking about the cost of living.
I am sorry that, as she did so, she did not recognise that this week we have paid out £2.2 billion in cost of living payments and that 99% of households eligible for the cost of living payment have already received it from this Government.
I disagree with the hon.
Lady, because I do not think that our cost of living issues are remotely helped by lessening our energy security, which is why we are bringing forward the Bill and why I ask her party to support it.
It is not at all incompatible with investing in renewable energy and clean technology.
The hon.
Lady is rather fond of criticising both our record and our plans for this Session, so it might be helpful to get the scores on the doors.
She believes that our 43 Bills, 1,000 statutory instruments and record number of private Members’ Bills—24—passed in the third Session of this Parliament is a shabby record.
I point out to her that only in two of the 13 parliamentary Sessions between 1997 and 2010 were more Bills put through than we put through in the last Session.
In the last Sessions of Labour Administrations, the average number of Bills brought forward was 21.
The hon.
Lady cannot justify her charge against us about the amount we have got done.
She might be relying on the time it took us—it did take us less time than we had allocated to pass a lot of that legislation and to do Government business—but that is not really a problem for those on the Government Benches; it is a more a problem for those on the Opposition Benches, although I have no complaints about that.
Those on the Government side of the House have been pulling their weight, even in Opposition day debates—in debates on school safety and animal welfare, for example, there were more Conservative speakers than Opposition speakers.