I am afraid that communications between other Members of the Government are not a matter for me.
I am responsible for policing, delivering record police numbers and falling crime.
That is my job and I am doing it.
Does the Minister agree with the Home Secretary that
“senior police officers play favourites when it comes to protesters”?
It is up to the police to apply the law.
It is important that the police apply the law even-handedly, and that is what I am sure all Members of the House want them to do.
Words matter, so in the Home Secretary’s absence, can the Minister explain in what way protest marches in the UK relating to Israel and Gaza are “disturbingly reminiscent of Ulster”, and does he agree?
That is not directly germane to the protests on Saturday.
We have seen all kinds of protests in Ulster over the years—dissident Republicans among others.
What we need to do is ensure that London’s streets are safe, and that we do not have an atmosphere of fear or intimidation, and that is what we expect the police to deliver.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the effectiveness of the implementation of the UK sanctions regime against Russia and Belarus.
The sanctions regime is dealt with by the Minister of State, Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Berwick-upon-Tweed (Anne-Marie Trevelyan) , but I shall do my best to answer this most important question posed by  the hon.
Member for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty) .
Sanctions are an important tool that we use to weaken Putin’s war effort and to underline our unyielding support for Ukraine.
Britain alone has sanctioned more than 1,800 individuals and entities under the Russia sanctions regime, more than 1,600 of which have been sanctioned since Putin’s full-scale invasion.
Although I cannot comment on individual cases, we are pleased that the High Court has in recent weeks recognised the Foreign Office’s expertise on deciding which persons should be sanctioned to ensure maximum effect.
We have frozen over £18 billion-worth of Russian assets through designations and over 60% of Russia’s central bank foreign reserves—assets that can no longer be funnelled back to Russia to fund its war machine.
Rather than the surplus that the Russian Government predicted for 2022, Russia suffered an annual deficit of £47 billion—the second highest of the post-Soviet era.
Its budget remains in deficit in 2023, despite tax increases.
We have also targeted those who have enabled sanctioned persons to hide their assets in obscure and complex financial networks, and we are working to crack down on phoenix companies, which continue to operate after sanctions are imposed or which are developing fronts to avoid sanctions.
Just yesterday, we imposed 29 further sanctions targeting individuals and entities operating in and supporting Russia’s gold, oil and strategic sectors—critical sources of revenue for the Russian war machine.
Those sanctions include Russia’s largest gold refiner, as well as international networks propping up Russia’s gold, oil and finance industries.
Our co-ordinated sanctions, working in line with our G7 partners, are having an impact.
Without our sanctions and those of our partners, we estimate that Russia would have over $400 billion more to fund its war machine.
We are starving Putin of the resources he needs to fund his illegal war on Ukraine.
Sanctions are thwarting Russian access to western components and technology.
Russia’s budget remains in deficit.
Our oil price cap has contributed to a fall of 25% in Russian oil revenues between January and September 2023, compared with the same period in 2022, and our export bans have starved Russia of thousands of products needed for the battlefield.
His Majesty’s Government are fully aware, as Members will be, that sanctions are not static.
We are constantly monitoring to see where and if they are being circumvented.