Friend is a tireless campaigner for the Jewish community in Barnet and beyond.
We of course expect the police to protect the Jewish community across London and across the whole country at a time when they feel deeply uneasy.
In fact, describing the sentiment that the Jewish community are feeling as unease understates it; as I said earlier, I have received messages this morning from members of the Jewish community expressing fear about this weekend, and I will raise those fears with senior police officers later today to ensure that the Met are aware of them, and are policing that appropriately.
There is no excuse for harassment.
There is no excuse for inciting racial hatred.
That has no place in a civilised country such as this one, and we will not let it happen.
I call the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.
The Home Affairs Committee has spent many months scrutinising policing for a report that is due to be published tomorrow.
That scrutiny has included the principles of policing by consent and the operational independence of the police, free from political interference, in upholding the rule of law, as set down by Parliament on protests and other matters.
Alongside that, the Committee has been briefed on the policing of protests and will be looking to do more shortly.
However, given the comments from the Home Secretary, the principles of operational independence of policing dating back to 1285, and the policing protocol, which the Home Secretary agreed in June this year, can the Minister confirm that if there is to be any discussion of these long-standing policy principles of policing, Parliament is the place to do it, possibly including the use of a royal commission?
We should certainly not have these matters debated on the front page of newspapers at a time that is very challenging for communities in this nation.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for the work of her Committee.
I look forward to reading her report greatly.
I will give it close attention, as I always do.
Scrutiny of action by the police, or indeed any other public body, is not the same as interference.
Scrutiny is healthy and appropriate; interference is a different thing entirely.
There is a distinction between scrutiny and interference.
The operational independence principle is not one that we plan to revisit, but we look forward to discussing these questions, both with the right hon.
Lady’s Committee and in this House.
On this Home Secretary’s watch, every day 6,000 crimes across England and Wales go unsolved, so does she trust the police to do their job or not?
If the purpose of her article was to say that she knows better than the commissioner of the Metropolitan police, she should say so—and she should say so here in this Chamber.
If not, what possible motive could she have for seeking to undermine public confidence in the police in this way?
We do have confidence in the police, but it is perfectly reasonable to scrutinise the police and hold them to account for their actions, as police and crime commissioners do every day, and as Members of this House do every day as well.
In terms of confidence in policing more widely, according to the crime survey for England and Wales, on a like-for-like basis crime is now 54% lower than it was under the last Labour Government.
This morning, a former chief constable of Durham warned that the storm being whipped up by the Home Secretary is diverting resources away from a very serious threat that might arise.
Does the Minister not understand that the Home Secretary’s incendiary and inflammatory comments ahead of what will be a really complex and sensitive policing operation for the Met this weekend is making their job even harder?
Is this not a deeply irresponsible way for a Home Secretary to behave?
I do not accept the hon.
Lady’s characterisation.