Given that road crime, including speeding, kills more people in Essex than all other crimes put together, may we please have a debate in Government time on speeding and antisocial driving?
I thank my hon.
Friend for giving a plug to Linda Catling.
I will have to google her knitted speed camera post box toppers—they sound very interesting indeed—and we send our best to her.
I also thank my hon.
Friend for raising such an important point.
As she will know, one of the Bills that we announced in the King’s Speech will hopefully lead to much greater road safety in years to come, and I hope she will support that Bill as it makes its way through the House.
Last weekend, the Home Secretary turned her damaging and divisive rhetoric on the homeless, describing homelessness as a “lifestyle choice” and suggesting that her Government should prioritise stripping homeless people of their tents and fining the charities that provide them with that shelter.
Although I am relieved that this disgraceful proposal did not make it into the King’s Speech, could I ask the Leader of the House to take this opportunity to apologise for her colleague’s callous remarks?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I have already given some statistics on this Government’s record on tackling homelessness, in terms of finance and how many people we have prevented from becoming homeless.
Our Homelessness Reduction Act 2017 has already ensured that more than 6,000 people have been prevented from becoming homeless.
I am here to answer for the Government’s record and the Government’s agenda, and I have.
Mr Speaker, may I, too, thank you and your staff for all the hard work that was done to make the state opening such a magnificent occasion?
It was exceptional, as usual.
Since  3 November , I have been inundated with correspondence and calls both from my own constituents and from constituents who should be represented by MPs who unfortunately boycott this place.
Cystic fibrosis  kills far too many young people across the United Kingdom.
According to National Institute for Health and Care Excellence guidance, while Orkambi, Symkevi and Kaftrio are
“clinically effective treatments with important benefits”,
they are too expensive to be recommended for use.
Such a decision robs suffering children and their parents of the hope of life.
Does the Leader of the House think the four-week consultation is adequate so that representations can be made to see these drugs extended to suffering young people across the whole United Kingdom in order to save lives and give hope to parents?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this question, which will be of concern to everyone who has this condition, their carers and their families.
He will know that there is a very clear process to ensure the drugs that are available and approved by NICE are both cost-effective and clinically effective.
There are appeal processes, and I am sure he will assist his constituents to make representations.
Of course, even if a drug is not approved by NICE, patients can, in certain circumstances, still have access to it if it can be shown that the drug would disproportionately benefit that individual.
Can we please have a statement from the Paymaster General to explain to the House why the very clear and final recommendations made by Sir Brian Langstaff in his report published in April—seven months ago—setting out the need to extend interim payments and to set up a compensation scheme this year, have effectively been trashed by the Government?
Is it not shameful that, after setting up a five-year public inquiry and running a parallel compensation review so that the payment of compensation would not drag on for far too long, and with very clear recommendations from a well-thought-of, esteemed former High Court judge, the Government have decided not to implement any of those key recommendations?
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her diligent campaigning on this matter.