Lady will know that the biggest way we can help households is to curb inflation.
That is the Chancellor’s priority, and it is why we have exercised restraint on spending.
I am sorry that the hon.
Lady did not support us in those efforts, but she will not have long to wait for the Chancellor’s autumn statement, which I announced in the business statement.
Could we have a debate on the volunteers who support the Royal British Legion?
I am lucky enough to be the honorary president of the Royal British Legion in Hinckley, 100 years since its formation, and my predecessor but three was also its honorary president.
I have seen the work of the likes of Elaine Ward, who has been collecting for the poppy appeal for 50 years.
I will be there in Hinckley on Friday.
Could we have a debate about how magnificent this charity really is?
I am sure I speak for all Members of the House by thanking the hon.
Gentleman for enabling us all to send our thanks to the Royal British Legion and its army of volunteers who assist all year round, not just during the poppy campaign.
If we were to have a debate, it would be well attended and very long, because the work it does is tremendously diverse, helping families as well as veterans and serving members of the armed forces.
This summer I welcomed to Parliament teachers from Oldfield Park Infant School and Twerton Infant School.
They told me how they were struggling with staff shortages, underfunding and an increasingly unmanageable workload.
In the south-west, teacher vacancies have risen by 175% in the last five years.
So far, the Government have committed only to a fraction of the recommended £15 billion needed for catch-up education.
Can we have a debate in Government time to get to the bottom of the considerable underfunding of schools?
As the hon.
Lady knows, we have protected the schools budget and increased the number of teachers substantially—I think we have an additional 30,000 since 2010.
Clearly, recruitment is an issue in certain parts of the country.
There have been a number of campaigns through local authorities to attract teachers from particular disciplines into areas that do not have enough of them.
I will write to the Secretary of State on the hon.
Lady’s behalf and ask her whether she and her Department could share some best practice with the hon.
Lady and her local authority.
The Leader of the Opposition recently said that he would bulldoze local protests and opposition in order to build millions more homes, which has folk in my patch worried.
Is there some way of finding Government time to have a debate to show that there always needs to be local consent and engagement to build the homes that we need?
We need those homes to be affordable, proportionate, sustainable and appropriate.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that important point.
It is important to respect local decision making.
We know from the neighbourhood planning forums we helped to establish that quite often they are more ambitious about building homes in their area than their own local authorities.
We are on track to meet our manifesto commitment of 1 million new homes in this Parliament.
Since 2010, we have delivered over 2.2 million homes, with millions moving into home ownership.
Through the Levelling Up and Regeneration Act 2023, we are also improving the planning process.
At the heart of it, I am very happy to say, we still have local people and local decision making.
Last Saturday I had the privilege of attending the launch of the north-east Field of Remembrance, run by the Royal British Legion, in Saltwell Park in my constituency.
Will the Leader of the House join me in thanking and congratulating the Royal British Legion on an excellent ceremony?
Saltwell Park is a massively brilliant venue for our north-east Field of Remembrance.