These are very serious allegations.
Thirdly, City AM revealed this week that nearly 130 UK companies have admitted breaching Russia-related sanctions as a result of a freedom of information request by the law firm Pinsent Masons.
It is good that those companies have come forward voluntarily, but it shows the scale of the problem.
Finally, according to the Office of Financial Sanctions Implementation, only one financial penalty has been issued regarding a sanctions breach within the Russia and Belarus sanctions regimes since February 2022, and only three penalties have been published across all UK sanctions regimes since June 2021.
That compares very unfavourably with the United States and other allies, which have been issuing fines and dealing with this issue.
Labour stands unshakeably with our allies in providing military, economic, diplomatic and humanitarian assistance to Ukraine in the face of Putin’s illegal invasion, but that must include a robust sanctions regime.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman very much for his comments—I know the revelations in the British media to which he referred at the beginning of his remarks.
I will write to him today on some of the technical points he has raised, giving him a very specific answer.
On the general point he has made, I can tell him that Britain has prohibited the export to Russia of thousands of products, including semiconductors, and our trade with Russia is down over 96% from pre-invasion levels.
We are also providing advice to UK businesses on how to identify methods of circumvention and have shared a list of products of particular concern that could end up on the battlefield.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for the update, but he will probably be aware that there are backdoor routes that are leading to technology ending up in Russia.
The most prevalent of those is British universities supplying technology to Iran that ends up on drones, which are then used by Russia to attack the brave Ukrainians.
Will he undertake to investigate this practice and put a stop to it, and to apply appropriate sanctions accordingly?
My hon.
Friend accurately identifies dangers to the sanctions regimes that can cause them to be circumvented.
We are, I think, good at identifying and closing down such dangers, but I should make it clear to him that UK sanctions prohibit a range of activities related to the movement of prohibited items to and from Russia, both directly and indirectly.
In that context, I will consider carefully the point that my hon.
Friend has made.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
The SNP welcomes the extension of sanctions against the Russian regime, but we still think more needs to be done.
For example, are there any plans to extend the sanctions that are currently in place against Hamas and other terrorist organisations operating in the middle east, which we know are forging closer and closer links with Putin and his criminal terrorist networks?
In particular, the United States has already sanctioned a number of Hamas representatives and people close to Hamas operating in different countries  in the middle east.
Do the Minister and the Government have any plans to follow suit and sanction those same individuals?
The Foreign Affairs Committee recently described the UK Government’s efforts to sanction individuals and organisations linked to Russia’s Wagner terrorist group as “underwhelming in the extreme”.
What action do the Government intend to take in response to that report, so that organisations such as Wagner and those who run them are effectively sanctioned?
We know that Ukraine has imposed sanctions on the former KGB intelligence officer Alexander Lebedev.
Do the UK Government have any plans to follow suit?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman very much for his comments.
We do not give routine updates or a running commentary on sanctions, but he may rest assured that we are looking at Hamas in every respect.