Those organisations do excellent work and it is right that we remember them, as well as all those we have lost.
I join the hon.
Gentleman in thanking the House staff and all Members who have made use of the ways in which we can remember those from our constituencies who have fallen, such as the memorial garden and the service that took place yesterday against the war memorial at the top of the Westminster Hall stairs—it is much appreciated.
He has got on the record what I am sure is just a fraction of the incredible organisations in his constituency, and I thank him for doing that.
This is one reason why we have set up the Office for Veterans’ Affairs.
We want to be able to commission services directly for veterans—something that could not be done as part of the Ministry of Defence.
We must ensure that this country is the best place in the world to be a veteran, and I thank all Members who will be taking part in services and saying thank you to their veteran community this weekend.
A recent ruling by the inner house of the Court of Session in Edinburgh put beyond any doubt that the ill-conceived Gender Recognition Reform (Scotland) Bill of the Scottish Government impinges significantly on the Equality Act 2010, the sex-based rights of women and the same-sex rights of lesbian, gay and bisexual people.
We have had a debate in Westminster Hall to discuss redefining and having precision in law about the word “sex”.
Will the Leader of the House discuss this  matter, and the possibility of bringing in legislation to clarify the definition of “sex” in the 2010 Act in the future, with her Equalities and Justice colleagues?
I know that the Secretary of State is very across this issue, and I think that that judgment was a helpful thing to have taken place.
We deeply regret the lack of understanding on these matters about the need—whatever the Governments and Administrations in other parts of the UK wish to do—to bear in mind the social fabric of the UK.
Tearing at that social fabric, what it is to be a citizen and the values and norms that we live under is a bad thing.
We also need to ensure that we are upholding what is in the 2010 Act.
I shall make sure that the Secretary of State has heard what the hon.
Gentleman has said.
I would welcome the Leader of the House’s advice on how to expedite a response from the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office for my constituents who are desperate to return home from Kyiv with their newborn son, who was born in September in Ukraine through surrogacy and for whom they are seeking an emergency travel document.
I totally understand the importance of completing the passport application process, but my constituents have a vulnerable baby who needs to be cared for at home and a three-year-old back here in the UK who desperately needs her parents back.
I am sorry to hear about that situation.
If the hon.
Lady liaises with my office after this session, to give me the details and information about what she has already done, we will give her advice about how we can try to speed the process up for her.
As an advert to other Members, the Home Office still offers bespoke surgeries; caseworkers can sit down with them here or online, and go through cases that are stuck in the system.
Wick harbour in my constituency suffered damage in the recent storms.
If that is not dealt with very fast indeed, it could jeopardise the future use of the harbour.
In the same storm, a section of sea defence beside the main railway line from Inverness to the far north fell away, so we had no trains, which are a vital transport link, for a length of time.