Gentleman talked about what happens after the event, but these protests have been going on for four weeks now.
The Home Secretary was not commenting entirely before the events; she was also commenting after events that have been unfolding over the last four weeks, which have included 188 arrests and a number of communities, both Muslim and Jewish, but particularly the Jewish community, feeling very uneasy.
It is reasonable for the Home Secretary to try to ensure that communities feel safe and protected, and that is what she was trying to do.
When women were treated brutally and unjustly by the Metropolitan police in this city in the wake of the Sarah Everard murder, Members came, correctly, to criticise the police, inside this House and out, for their failure and for their brutality.
I remember people on the Opposition Benches calling on the Government to be more brutal on the police at that point.
The hand-wringing hypocrisy and  the pant-wetting that we are seeing over someone correctly criticising the police is amazing.
I have witnessed Irish nationalists and republicans, who the Home Secretary referred to in her article, running too quickly to the support of Hamas, to Colombian terrorists, to Hezbollah and a whole host of others.
The Home Secretary is correct to call that out and to say it as she sees it, and this House is right to back her.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his words.
He is right to point out those examples where Members of this House, particularly on the Opposition Benches, have in the past criticised the police.
No one on those occasions claimed that those criticisms impinged on the operational independence of the police; they were simply holding the police to account, as politicians on both sides are entitled to do.
I am grateful to him for reminding the House of those previous occasions when Opposition Members have exercised their prerogative to hold the police to account.
I am thinking of the number of times I have spoken to criticise and call out the police for their behaviour in things that they have got wrong, but we are seeing the Home Secretary blatantly interfering with the operational day-to-day decisions of the police.
We have to call that out; the police have to be independent.
I have lost count of the number of people our Home Secretary has demonised, be they LGBT people, homeless people or minorities.
Why?
Why is there so much hate spewing from her?
The organisers of the march have said that it does not coincide with Remembrance Day.
Will the Minister correct that and stop conflating the two issues?
I do not accept the hon.
Lady’s characterisation; it is both unfair and unintentionally inaccurate.
There are all kinds of risks that the police will have to manage on Saturday if the march goes ahead, including the risk that groups break away, which did in fact happen last Saturday—a group broke away and ended up in Trafalgar Square, where they set off fireworks, and 11 police officers were assaulted.
Those are the kinds of risks that will have to be managed by the police on Saturday.
That is not an easy job, but I am sure that the police have the House’s full support in doing it.
The shadow Home Secretary’s question was whether the Minister could confirm that the Home Secretary’s intervention to undermine the operational independence of the police was signed off through the normal No.
10 process and therefore has the support of the Prime Minister.
The Minister said that he has no sight of that, so what will he do to furnish the House with an answer to that question?
I am afraid that communications between other Members of the Government are not a matter for me.
I am responsible for policing, delivering record police numbers and falling crime.
That is my job and I am doing it.