Wick harbour in my constituency suffered damage in the recent storms.
If that is not dealt with very fast indeed, it could jeopardise the future use of the harbour.
In the same storm, a section of sea defence beside the main railway line from Inverness to the far north fell away, so we had no trains, which are a vital transport link, for a length of time.
The Leader of the House might say these are matters for the Scottish Government, but I would argue that they are strategic to the United Kingdom.
Further to her previous answer, will she encourage officials at the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to speak to the Scottish Government, and possibly the Highland Council, about these issues, so we can get them put right as fast as possible?
I am sorry to hear about that situation.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that unless these things are taken care of and mitigated, future bad weather will exacerbate the situation.
I will make some inquiries on his behalf.
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs may well be able to assist him more than some other Departments.
In times of great crisis, we always ensure that the Scottish Government and local authorities across the UK are able to make a request for military aid to the civil authorities, in order  to get assistance from UK armed forces to keep our communities safe.
I will make some inquiries on behalf of the hon.
Gentleman and contact his office.
This week, after three years of threatening journalists at The Guardian and elsewhere with legal action, wealthy business tycoons Douglas Barrowman and Michelle Mone finally admitted that they are indeed behind the dodgy covid company PPE Medpro Ltd. The Government have repeatedly promised to outlaw the practice of dodgy lawyers and dodgy clients using the threat of legal action to prevent the freedom of the press from reporting the truth in the public interest.
Will the Leader of the House clarify which of the Bills announced in the King’s Speech will fulfil that promise and outlaw the practice once and for all?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that important point.
As someone who has been subject to such threats myself, I think these matters are very important.
We did work on this in the previous Session.
There is ongoing work in the Ministry of Justice and other Departments to ensure that people are able to whistleblow.
In other parts of Government, we have moved to protect individuals who find themselves in different but similar sets of circumstances, particularly relating to issues of employment and sexual harassment.
I thank the Leader of the House for answering the business question.
With permission, Madam Deputy Speaker, I shall make a statement about the Government’s artificial intelligence safety summit.
Today I update the House about a turning point in our history.
With 1% of the world’s population, we have built the third largest AI sector.
We have rocketed ourselves to a 688% increase in AI companies basing themselves here in less than a decade, and UK AI scale-ups are raising almost double that of France, Germany and the rest of Europe combined.
But the sudden and unprecedented growth in the speed and power of artificial intelligence presents unlimited opportunities along with the potential of grave risks, which we cannot ignore.
I truly believe that we stand at a crossroads in human history.
To turn the wrong way would be a monumental missed opportunity for mankind, which is why last week presented such a watershed moment.
We convened leaders, Ministers, developers, scientists and academics from across the globe to discuss for the first time the risks and opportunities of frontier AI.
Although the collection of countries and organisations that came to Bletchley Park was unprecedented, our goal from the start was to leave with tangible outcomes.