Our oil price cap has contributed to a fall of 25% in Russian oil revenues between January and September 2023, compared with the same period in 2022, and our export bans have starved Russia of thousands of products needed for the battlefield.
His Majesty’s Government are fully aware, as Members will be, that sanctions are not static.
We are constantly monitoring to see where and if they are being circumvented.
Alongside our international partners, we are closing loopholes and tackling sanctions evasion, as Putin desperately scrambles to restructure the Russian economy and smuggle goods in through back channels.
We will continue to isolate Russia’s financial system and support businesses that are seeking to divest from their links with Russia.
We will bring forward further legislation in the coming weeks to deliver on our G7 commitments and further deprive Russia of lucrative remaining revenue sources, including banning imports of Russian diamonds and ending all imports of Russian copper, aluminium and nickel—
Order.
I have tried coughing; I have tried different ways of indicating that the Minister is almost a minute over.
We need to get speeches better timed in future to three minutes.
I am sure he is coming to the end immediately.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Finally, we will continue to combat circumvention and seek to degrade Russia’s military capabilities by coming down hard on sanctions evaders and closing loopholes.
For the record, I want to say that we had a bit of drift over earlier.
We are back in a new Session.
The rules are quite clear: the time limit is three minutes for the Minister, and for those who have tabled the question, it is two minutes.
Please adhere to it.
Do not take advantage of the Chair, because you are taking advantage of the people I represent: they are called Back Benchers.
I thank the Minister for his response.
He will know that there is unity across the House in standing with Ukraine, but there are serious concerns about the effectiveness of our sanctions regime.
Almost two years have passed since Putin began this phase of his illegal and barbaric invasion of Ukraine, but on Monday, it was revealed by The Times that a British company has allegedly continued to ship semiconductors to Russia since Putin’s war began and that these have been identified within at least one Russian tank deployed in the conflict against Ukraine.
It also reported that the company only stopped shipping to its Russian distributor after the bank refused to process payments for these exports.
There are clearly serious deficiencies in the implementation of our regime that must be addressed.
I had these raised with me on my recent visit to Kyiv, and I draw attention to my declaration of interests.
I would like clarity from the Minister on a number of key points.
Can he confirm whether there are loopholes within our regime that continue to allow for materials to be exported to Russia and Belarus that could be used in the production of military items?
Why do those omissions still exist, and what steps are being taken to deal with them?
Secondly, can he set out what assessment has been made by the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office and the Treasury of the existence of alleged loopholes that allow indirect imports into UK markets of Russian or Belarusian origin steel, or indeed Russian origin crude oil that has been refined in third countries?
These are very serious allegations.
Thirdly, City AM revealed this week that nearly 130 UK companies have admitted breaching Russia-related sanctions as a result of a freedom of information request by the law firm Pinsent Masons.
It is good that those companies have come forward voluntarily, but it shows the scale of the problem.