I think the Climate Change Committee is actually saying that its most ambitious scenario, which we should be aiming for, is for us to cut the use of gas by 90%.
Are we going to carry on using North sea oil and gas?
The question for the hon.
Gentleman, and for the whole House, is this: do we choose, for the future, to carry on drilling every last drop?
That is the Government’s policy, in contravention of all the scientific advice, which is that we will end up in a 3° world—needing billions of pounds of taxpayer subsidy to bring about that investment through persuasion, and diverting investment from the private sector.
Personally, I do not think that that is the right choice.
The lesson of this crisis is one that the Government should have learnt, and one that other countries around the world have learnt: the only way to get energy security is to sprint for clean power.
That is why the Government’s onshore wind ban is such a disaster.
That is why their offshore wind auction is such a disaster.
That is why their energy efficiency failures are such a disaster.
This Bill neither protects us on price nor gives us energy security.
Here is the thing, the Bill is not motivated by millions of people lying awake at night, worrying about the cost of living crisis; it is motivated by a Prime Minister lying awake at night, worrying about the Conservative party crisis.
The interesting thing is that this Bill was planned well before  the right hon.
Member for East Surrey (Claire Coutinho)  became Energy Secretary.
It is the last desperate throw of the dice by what we might call the No.
10 galaxy brains, to use climate change as what they call a “wedge issue.”
They say this to the newspapers all the time.
Series 1 of this new strategy was aired in September, when the party of Churchill and Thatcher became the peddlers of wacky conspiracy theories they found on the internet: abolishing the mythical seven bins; ending the imaginary threat of compulsory car sharing; saying no to invented conspiracy theories on 15-minute cities; and fighting the fictional meat tax.
And now we have a sequel.
No longer a few throw-away conspiracy theories, this is now the central strategy of their legislative programme.
Members should not take my word for it.
It is what the Prime Minister’s advisers brief to the papers day after day.
One paper I read on Monday reported that the Prime Minister wants to “weaponise climate change”  as a wedge issue.
Where the British people see an energy crisis forcing up their bills, the Government see a wedge issue.
Where the British people ask how they can have liveable towns and cities with good transport, the Government see a wedge issue.
Where the British people worry about the effect of the climate crisis on their kids and grandkids, the Government see a wedge issue.
The point is that the Government cannot really deny it, because they know this is what they are saying every day. “
We think there is a big opportunity for the Conservative party to try to create division on climate change.”
That is why the Prime Minister uses words like “eco-zealots.”
It is all very transparent.
They are locked in the boot of a strategy.
Whether they agree with it or not, that is what is happening.
Certainly, and I will come on to just how much funding has been made available.
I draw the hon.
Gentleman’s attention to the National Lottery Heritage Fund, which has provided £454 million recently to a couple of projects.
Moreover, the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, through levelling-up funding, has provided more than £33 million to another couple of projects.
That is perhaps an area that my hon.
Friend could also look into.
I know very well that he has previously been incredibly successful in securing levelling-up funding.