Is it not shameful that, after setting up a five-year public inquiry and running a parallel compensation review so that the payment of compensation would not drag on for far too long, and with very clear recommendations from a well-thought-of, esteemed former High Court judge, the Government have decided not to implement any of those key recommendations?
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her diligent campaigning on this matter.
She rightly notes that the compensation study was set up to run concurrently in order to save time.
I know that the Paymaster General is planning some engagement in the coming weeks with the groups that are campaigning.
Having raised this at a previous business questions, the right hon.
Lady will know that I have also raised it with the Paymaster General.
I will make sure that he hears what she has said again today.
I can tell her that he is committed to acting as swiftly as possible to ensure that all people, including those who should receive interim payments, do so.
It has recently been announced that the two islands in my constituency, the Isle of Arran and the Isle of Cumbrae, are each to lose their Bank of Scotland branch.
Following hard on the heels of that announcement, Brodick post office on the Isle of Arran is also set for closure.
Will the Leader of the House make a statement setting out her support for these vital resources for the viability of our communities, especially rural and island communities?
Does she agree that it is time to protect, in legislation, these crucial physical services in island and rural communities?
I am sorry to hear about the potential situation that some of the hon.
Lady’s constituents will be in.
She will know that the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has made funding available to find solutions to ensure that people have access to banking services or post office services, with those sometimes being run out of other premises.
I am not across what might be available in her local area, but I can write to the Secretary of State to ask his officials to contact her office to signpost her to what support is available.
Even if stand-alone facilities have to go, that does not mean that the services have to go, and there are some great examples of how those services have been able to continue running across the country.
May I, through you, Madam Deputy Speaker, thank Mr Speaker for facilitating the Constituency Garden of Remembrance, at which many of us have been laying memorials this week?
I will be placing my own for constituents in Cardiff South and Penarth who have served and been lost or injured over generations of conflicts and wars.
I think in particular of the diverse communities who have served—our diverse Christian, Muslim, Hindu, Sikh and Jewish communities, and indeed many others, including those from across our Commonwealth.
I should also mention our merchant navy, which is specifically remembered on Saturday in Cardiff bay.
May we have a debate on the excellent work of not only the Royal British Legion, which has been referred to by a number of Members, but other veterans’ organisations in our constituencies?
I think of the work of Woody’s Lodge and the Welsh Veterans Partnership in my constituency, which do so much to support those who have served, often where there have been life-affecting issues.
Those organisations do excellent work and it is right that we remember them, as well as all those we have lost.
I join the hon.
Gentleman in thanking the House staff and all Members who have made use of the ways in which we can remember those from our constituencies who have fallen, such as the memorial garden and the service that took place yesterday against the war memorial at the top of the Westminster Hall stairs—it is much appreciated.