That is also why we are focused on more training and support for MPs, Ministers and officials, and it is why, in my evidence to the Standards Committee, I said that the only way we will make the nation proud of our conduct here is to recognise the responsibility and duty  of care we have to each other across the hundreds of organisations that make up the political landscape—Parliament, political parties and Whitehall.
The Government and I as Leader of the House take these matters incredibly seriously.
The hon.
Lady talked about values and language.
I hope that she will have a word with some of her party’s activists, who have intimidated those who stand against her or stand up for their own principles.
I point out that, despite by-election losses, the Government did arrive back here with a new MP who sits on our Benches.
A little self-reflection about some of the reasons why that MP made that transition would be appreciated.
The hon.
Lady wants to talk about values.
On women and equalities issues, it is the SNP that has torn the social fabric of the UK with its plans on gender recognition reforms.
It is the SNP and the Labour party, which backed the SNP on that, that have backed the anti-free speech Bill that the Scottish Government have been so keen to push.
The parties are in coalition together at a local level.
Labour would give the SNP powers on foreign affairs and has indulged the First Minister of Wales’s separatist agenda.
The hon.
Lady often comes here to say that the Government do not respect devolution.
We do respect devolution; it is part of our values.
Since the turn of the century, the UK Government have legislated for Scotland more than 200 times with the Scottish Government’s consent.
It is the SNP that does not listen to local voices.
The party that does not respect local people and local decision making is the SNP, which overrules 50% of councils on planning appeals, did not consult local authorities regarding its council tax policies, and does not pass on funding from the UK Government that is designed for Scotland’s local authorities.
I think that our values are fine.
The hon.
Lady should look to her own party if she wants some improvement.
Some of the Ukrainians housed in Mid Derbyshire under the Homes for Ukraine scheme are worried about their futures, as their visas are starting to expire.
They include school pupils who are uncertain about whether they can continue their education here, attend British universities and receive home student fees and funding.
Will the Government make a statement outlining the future of the Homes for Ukraine scheme and how students will be affected?
Many Members are hosting Ukrainian refugees, and we are acutely aware of how difficult it is for them to plan their lives in the situations that they find themselves in.
We will give them as much certainty as we can so that they can start to make decisions about studies or where they might go in a year’s time.
My understanding is that they must be given a year’s notice, so many will be given information next spring.
I will write to both relevant Departments to flag the point that if we can do anything earlier it would be appreciated.
The word “economy” was mentioned only once in the King’s Speech.
Given that the country faces the highest tax burden since the second world war, not to mention the  longest squeeze on wages in 200 years, does that not speak volumes about the Government’s lack of a long-term plan for our economy?
The hon.
Lady will know that the biggest way we can help households is to curb inflation.
That is the Chancellor’s priority, and it is why we have exercised restraint on spending.
I am sorry that the hon.