Friend for reflecting her experience.
There is nothing that I can add to the power of her words.
She is absolutely right that in planning for future pandemics, we have to listen to the voice of the staff, who are the people the country will rely on if we face any kind of similar emergency in future.
Members on both sides of the House will recognise that children and young people really felt the impact of the pandemic and the lockdowns on their mental health, their learning and their social and emotional development.
We all recognise that executive decisions have to be taken in an emergency to protect children and staff in schools, but I think the public were aghast that pubs and zoos opened before our schools and colleges.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman’s committee look at putting a proper process in place—potentially designating schools and colleges as national critical infrastructure—with this House taking a vote on any extended lockdowns of our schools and colleges if those ever need to be put in place, and with evidence taken from the Children’s Commissioner and our school and college leaders?
The hon.
Lady is right to draw attention to the pandemic’s impact on education through lost learning and, as I said in my statement, the great inequality that children suffered as a result of differential access to online learning.
Did they have a good wi-fi connection at home?
Did they have the equipment?
Was the school fully geared up to providing online learning?
The answer for some children to some of those questions was yes, but the answer for a lot of children was no.
It is really important in future planning that if we have to make a change, we ensure that it does not reinforce inequality but helps everyone.
I put on record my gratitude for the service of the staff at the Hospital of St Cross and of other healthcare workers and volunteers across my constituency of Rugby.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that failures of state in the pandemic, and in other cases, have often been due to under-investment and an ideological suspicion of the state among some, including, regrettably, some members of the last Government?
Does he agree that a party that puts service first and that believes in investing in our health service and wider Government will ensure that this country is far better ready for future crises?
My hon.
Friend talks about failures of state, and that is the essential finding in Baroness Hallett’s report: there were failures of state.
He also mentions ideology; I tried in my statement to make it clear that we would not take an ideological approach and that where the last Government had done good things in response to the pandemic, we would keep them.
But I also think that a change of Government after such a long period in power is an opportunity for fresh eyes—not necessarily in a partisan way, but having a different set of people to look at what has been done, keeping what is good and changing things if need be.
That is one of the advantages of a change of Government, regardless of political colour, after one has been in office for so many years.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his statement, and I welcome his announcement of a review of national resilience.
Does he agree that the many legacies of the pandemic are still very much with us, from the awful personal impacts of bereavement and long covid to the terrible public service impacts on everything from school readiness to social care systems and more?
Does he agree that those impacts were worse than they need have been, as set out by Baroness Hallett yesterday?
In that spirit, does he agree that this Government’s work of renewal must necessarily also be a work of repair?
My hon.