I welcome the Foreign Secretary and his team to their places.
I also welcome the statement, in particular the emphasis on the need for an immediate ceasefire, for the immediate release of all hostages and for a stop to settler violence and expansion in the west bank.
I welcome the resumption of funding to UNRWA.
I add my voice to the calls that a couple of hon.
Members have made for the Foreign Secretary to commit to publishing the comprehensive review of Israel’s compliance or non-compliance with international humanitarian law, as soon as officials have completed it.
In the meantime, will he apply the precautionary principle and act to stop all UK arms exports to Israel, given the already widespread evidence of considerable breaches of international law?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her remarks; I welcome her, the Green party’s representative for North Herefordshire, to the House.
As I said in my remarks, this is one of the toughest neighbourhoods in the world.
Israel is surrounded by people who would see its annihilation—it is being attacked by the Houthis, Hezbollah are firing missiles and Hamas want to wipe it off the map.
For those reasons, it would not be right to have a blanket ban between our countries and Israel; what is right is for me to consider in the normal way the issues in relation to offensive weapons in Gaza, following the quasi-judicial process that I have outlined.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend to his place and congratulate him, on behalf of my constituents in Warwick and Leamington, on giving priority to this issue.
I commend him for today’s announcement.
The restoration of funding to UNRWA is long overdue; as we have heard, many other nations did this many months ago.
Given its importance in the supply of 60% of aid and 50% of food into Gaza, the 70 trucks a day we have heard about are way insufficient—an estimated 500 are needed.
My right hon.
Friend may be aware of the Oxfam report showing that the IDF has almost systematically weaponised water in Gaza; there has been a 94% reduction in the water supply, to just five litres per person per day.
My right hon.
Friend spoke about dysentery and polio.
What does he believe the UK can do to assist the restoration of the water supply in Gaza?
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s continued championing of these issues.
He is right to mention the importance of water.
I think it is now half a million people who are at category 5—the definition that constitutes starvation and famine—and in large part that is due to there being no access to clean water.
He knows of the scenes of sewage getting into the system.
The lack of clean water is a desperate situation.
In the end, what we need is a ceasefire, because only with a ceasefire can reconstruction work begin.
My right hon.
Friend was absolutely right to speak of the need for an immediate ceasefire and the need to restore funding to UNRWA.
I welcome both those moves.
He also spoke of the Government’s needing to make an assessment of Israeli compliance with international humanitarian law in Gaza, but the question then arises: after that assessment has been made, what is going to happen?
He said in his statement that the horror must end now, and indeed it must, but he has just explained to  the hon.
Member for North Herefordshire (Ellie Chowns)  that to cease supplying arms to Israel would cause, as he sees it, a greater problem.
What is the leverage that he has?
If the horror must end now, and it must, then this Government must be able to take some actions once they have reviewed and received the legal assessment that he has called for.