Member for North Herefordshire (Ellie Chowns)  that to cease supplying arms to Israel would cause, as he sees it, a greater problem.
What is the leverage that he has?
If the horror must end now, and it must, then this Government must be able to take some actions once they have reviewed and received the legal assessment that he has called for.
I am prepared to give him time to get that assessment, but I want to know what he is going to do once he has got it.
My hon.
Friend is very experienced, experienced enough to know that the minute any individual describes their leverage, that leverage is lost.
Therefore, if he will forgive me, I will not share that at the Dispatch Box at this stage.
However, the passion that lies behind his question is a concern that, for nine months, Foreign Secretaries have stood at this Dispatch Box and said that the aid must get in and that we must follow international humanitarian law—and now, months later, there is a new Foreign Secretary at the Dispatch Box and there are still serious concerns about international humanitarian law and the aid has simply not got in in the quantities needed.
He shares my frustration, and it was frustration indeed that I shared with leaders in Israel.
I call Emily Darlington.
I am sorry, Mr Deputy Speaker; I was not bobbing, but I am happy to ask a question.
Are you sure it was me you were calling on?
Please go ahead.
The Clerks are struggling a bit with new Members.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend and his entire team on their positions, and thank him for the restoration of funding to UNRWA.
As someone who has worked in international development, I have seen the vital work those organisations play, and in particular those organisations under the United Nations umbrella, because they are where we can come together as an international force.
Does he agree that the solutions in the Israel-Palestine conflict are not necessarily solutions here in Parliament, but solutions that we will have to work with our international partners to build?
My hon.
Friend has got off to a good start.
She is right, first, because we have seen so many aid workers lose their lives and, secondly, because her emphasis on the partnerships that we have to strike with allies across the world is essential if we are to see the change that we need, particularly in Gaza but also in the Occupied Territories.
It is very welcome to see the Secretary of State and his team on the Front Bench as Britain’s voice in the world.
That has a particular significance for me, as one of my predecessors in the Livingston constituency was Robin Cook.
I know Robin Cook’s time in office and his thinking did much to inform the Secretary of State’s approach to his new role.
This statement is incredibly welcome, although it set out the horrific situation on the ground in Gaza.
Does the Secretary of State agree that there is no peace without a two-state solution, and that opposing a two-state solution is wrong for both Israelis and the Palestinian people?
I am very grateful to have been asked a question by the new occupant of Robin Cook’s seat.
He was a stalwart and a champion of this cause.
I was grateful to come into this House when he was serving as Foreign Secretary, and in an article I wrote recently in Foreign Affairs I paid tribute to his work over many years.
The vote by the Knesset yesterday was hugely disappointing.
We believe passionately in two states.
I say to those who reject two states, “If you are a proponent of one state, you have to explain how everyone enjoys equality under the law.
And if you are a proponent of no state, you are effectively suggesting that occupation continues.”