Where was the leadership?
Royal Cornwall hospitals NHS trust was on high alert before the pandemic hit.
Is it not the case that our NHS was desperately struggling years before, through mismanagement from the Conservative party, and that lives were unnecessarily lost because of it?
Careful preparedness planning and management of our NHS and social care services must be a top priority for this Government.
My hon.
Friend is right that the NHS was in a vulnerable position before the pandemic, which is why the long-term health of the NHS is so important.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care has begun that process.
I have to be honest with the House: better long-term strength for the NHS will not happen overnight but it should still be an important aim for us.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend to his place on the Front Bench, and I thank him for his statement.
He touched on victims of what has been labelled the shadow pandemic—the surge in domestic violence during lockdown.
Does he agree that any lessons learned must include action to protect those for whom the instruction “stay at home” is the most dangerous they can receive?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
He highlights a very important issue that I spoke about in my opening remarks.
It is an important aim of this Government to reduce violence against women and girls.
I can assure him that the Minister put in charge of that will champion the cause with a passion and determination that I think and really hope will lead to results.
Homes should be a place of safety.
Sadly, as he rightly points out, during the pandemic that was not the case for some.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his statement.
We all have stories from the pandemic about how we and our families were affected.
That is as true for Members as it is for constituents right across the country.
My family were on the other side of the England-Wales border, and my stepfather was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis during the pandemic.
I was not able to visit him and provide the support to my mother that our family needed.
Will my right hon.
Friend assure me that we will create a joined-up national strategy?
As he rightly notes, the pandemic did not pay attention to our national borders.
Will he assure me that we will work very closely with scientists to ensure that there is a national strategy moving forward?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who highlights the difficulties people had in not being able to visit relatives and so on.
Being joined up across the UK is really important.
As I said, there is no place in this kind of planning to let what are sometimes small differences get in the way.
We have to work together in a co-operative way.
We are stronger together.
Module 1 of the report finds that pandemic planning did not take pre-existing health inequalities into account.
In my constituency, those inequalities are particularly wide, as we saw at Grenfell Tower.
I welcome the Minister’s statement that the Grenfell inquiry recommendations will be incorporated into the Government’s response.
Does he agree that in that response we must have a far better plan for protecting the most vulnerable in our society, who are often the most disproportionately affected?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his mention of the Grenfell inquiry.
As I said, it is important to take its findings into account.
It is also true that pre-existing inequalities left people more vulnerable.
A national emergency like this exposes weak points and brings them into the a glaring public light, and they weaken the response of the whole country.
The truth is that we have a stronger response as a country if we manage to reduce inequalities, be they on the basis of ethnic minority or of income.