My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about long covid, which I mentioned in my opening remarks.
When we think about the pandemic, of course we think about those who were lost and their families, but there are also people several years on from the pandemic who are still living with those consequences.
I thank the Minister for his statement.
As the former Minister of Health in Northern Ireland who served during the pandemic, my thoughts and condolences are with those who were lost and those who were bereaved, and I pay a tribute of thanks to those who worked across health and social care during that trying time.
The Minister said that resilience has to be for all of us, not just for some.
I ask him to ensure that all the devolved nations are equally involved.
He talked about there being a consultation with the devolved nations and regions.
Can I ask for it to be more than just a consultation, and for it actually to be a partnership?
I thank the hon.
Member for his comments.
He is quite right: this report covers all parts of the United Kingdom, and it makes a real effort to do so.
The new Prime Minister also made an effort to do so in the days following the election, and one of his first priorities was to visit Northern Ireland.
I agree with the hon.
Member about co-operation—I think it is essential.
Small differences sometimes act to the detriment of the whole effort.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend and near neighbour to his place.
Like so many families, my family was affected by the death of a loved one during the pandemic, and a small heart on the national memorial wall reflects my auntie for time immemorial.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that procurement during a state of emergency such as the pandemic is important, and that any fraud that occurs must be pursued ruthlessly?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, and ask that he accepts my condolences on the loss of his auntie during the pandemic.
He is absolutely right to draw our attention to the procurement issues that have been highlighted—they are not specifically covered in this report, but they will be.
As he will be aware, this Government will bring forward proposals for a covid fraud commissioner to recover as much as we can of the money that was lost to fraud or waste during that period.
I welcome the statement from the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and was particularly pleased to hear him talk about the role of local government.
Local government was instrumental in the response, and I imagine the inquiry will find that had it had a greater role, there would have been better resilience.
However, as we know, local government financing is in crisis; my own local council is trying to save £100 million this year.
What  reassurance can he give us that local councils will be given the funding they need to have in place the resilience we need for the future?
The hon.
Member is right to praise the role of local government.
My experience in Wolverhampton was that the council stepped up and did a fantastic job for local citizens during the pandemic.
The financial position of local government is difficult; the financial position on a number of things is difficult.
I am afraid the truth is that I cannot stand here and promise to write big cheques for everything.
We did not say that we would do that during the election, and we will have to operate with a difficult—very difficult—economic inheritance.
Everything that we do has to be underpinned by economic stability and financial responsibility.
Tough as that is, I am afraid that we have seen the consequences of doing otherwise all too clearly in recent years.
In her report, Baroness Hallett said:
“The UK government’s…pandemic strategy, from 2011, was outdated and lacked adaptability.