The hon.
Lady is right that the chief prosecutor at the ICC has made his intention clear in relation to arrest warrants, but she will know that there are further hearings to determine whether they will actually be issued.
We have been two weeks in office.
It is right that I allow Treasury solicitors, lawyers and the Attorney General to assist me in any judgments that we have to make in relation to that.
I said in my statement that there is a process; it is a quasi-legal process that must be followed with all integrity, and I intend to do that.
I welcome the Foreign Secretary’s statement.
It is a real relief, particularly his description of the hell hole that is Gaza.
Many of my constituents in Rochdale feel deeply appalled by the ongoing deaths and suffering of the Palestinian people in Gaza, but they are also deeply appalled by the rising tide of settler violence and expansion in the west bank.
Many of them are desperate for peace in the region, as are many of us in this House today.
What specific steps is the Foreign Secretary taking to actively promote and uphold the independence of the International Criminal Court and the International Court of Justice?
I welcome my hon.
Friend to his place.
It is great to see him here—I know he long held an ambition to move from journalism to this House.
We are clear that the International Criminal Court is the primary international institution for investigating and prosecuting the most serious international crimes.
We fully respect the rules-based order and the ICC’s independence and impartiality.
We are aware that the ICJ is likely to issue an advisory opinion shortly and we will consider it very carefully.
I welcome the right hon.
Member to his role.
Members on both sides of the House want to see critical aid getting through where it is needed, but I am concerned by the Government’s decision to resume funding to UNRWA.
UNRWA schools have been repeatedly used by terrorists both to store weapons and to launch attacks, and over 100 UNRWA staff have had links to terrorist groups in the region.
Is the right hon.
Gentleman able to give UK taxpayers an unequivocal assurance that Hamas have no links to UNRWA in Gaza?
I had the pleasure of meeting Catherine Colonna in her role as the Foreign Secretary of France.
She is a woman of tremendous capability and integrity.
She looked at these issues in depth, she reported and all our allies have continued to fund UNRWA.
She did make a series of recommendations.
That is why I spoke to the UN Secretary-General and to Commissioner-General Lazzarini, who is responsible for UNRWA, to ensure that they are implementing the action plan that came out as a consequence of that review.
In finding the money available for UNRWA and restoring its funding, I have also ensured that there is £1 million of funding to support the implementation of those recommendations.
I thank the Foreign Secretary for his work on moving Government policy on this issue and for putting the situation in Gaza at the top of his agenda.
In particular, I commend the fact that he and the Prime Minister have consistently called for international law to be followed in the conflict.
When will he publish the Government’s assessment of whether any party has breached international law since  7 October  and what the consequences of any such breaches should be?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that question.
I know that he has championed the Palestinian cause and the Palestinian people in this House for many, many years.
He pushes me on an important subject.
May I say to him—he is an esteemed lawyer, so he understands why I am choosing my words carefully—that this is a quasi-legal process and it is important that I follow the actions in the appropriate way, with all probity and integrity?