It is a reminder of the many lives that were lost.
Will my right hon.
Friend visit the covid memorial wall with me and meet the families, and look at how we can make that wall permanent?
This is not just about resilience, but about remembering those victims who tragically lost their lives.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to pay tribute to the staff at St Thomas’ and other NHS staff across the country, who did so much to care for people during that very difficult period.
I have visited the memorial wall in her constituency, and she is right: it is an incredibly moving and human experience.
I am very happy to take up her invitation to visit again.
I call the Lib Dem spokesperson.
I am covering for our spokesperson, who sadly cannot be here today.
I start by paying tribute to Baroness Hallett and all those who have painfully given evidence to this inquiry.
It will not have been easy for them and our hearts go  out to them.
This will be a painful day.
The inquiry’s damning findings confirm in clear terms what we unfortunately already knew, and this must be a moment for change.
The country was badly let down during the pandemic and this new Government must ensure that lessons are learned swiftly.
The Liberal Democrats called for this inquiry back in 2020 and we will continue to demand that the full facts be known about every aspect of this catastrophic failure.
One area of particular focus was the lack of leadership provided by the then Conservative Government.
The inquiry found that proper scrutiny and accountability was often missed by Ministers.
That is why Back Benchers across this House set up the all-party parliamentary group on coronavirus, which I was privileged to chair.
Over 18 months we heard from frontline workers, public health professionals and bereaved families, and there was a deep frustration that they could see what was going wrong, but it was falling on deaf ears in Whitehall.
This is a moment to change how politics works, and I hope the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and the Government will work across the aisle.
What will the Government do to ensure that the right voices are in the room for future such health emergencies, and do they agree that we need a commissioner for ageing and older people, as the Liberal Democrats have been advocating?
Care homes were another area of critical failure.
Many of those victims died not directly from covid but because of the lack of care.
Do the Government agree that patients and care home residents should be given a new legal right to maintain contact in all health and care settings?
The third area that has been under-reported is long covid.
Many of us will remember standing in the cold in November banging on our drums for frontline workers, yet they have not received compensation for a disability that has put them out of their beloved profession.
Will the Cabinet Office work with the Department for Work and Pensions to progress the compensation scheme that is in train and to gather the right evidence to ensure that we get it right?
Ahem.
Very finally, on the memorial, will the Minister implement the recommendations in the final report of the UK Commission on Covid Commemoration?
Order.
May I just say to the Front Benchers that we are all learning, but we should do so by setting the best example?
You are meant to have two minutes, not three.
Please can we help each other?
Otherwise, I will have Members complaining that they did not get in.
I thank the hon.
Member for her questions and the spirit in which she asked them.
The truth is that it is easy for any of us to say, “Lessons must be learned,” and whenever anything goes wrong, people say that.
The proof is in the practice.