I met hostage families—many of them UK hostage families—to discuss  the plight of those hostages.
They remain paramount in the Government’s mind as we head, I hope, towards the ceasefire that we all want.
The hon.
Member was right to centre her remarks on the question of aid.
Seventy trucks a day, when we know there should be 500, is not enough.
The whole House recognises the word “flood”, and we were told in April that Gaza would be flooded with aid.
Seventy trucks is nowhere near enough.
As a consequence, we hear stories of disease—now including polio—setting in, which is horrific and troubles us all deeply.
Let me reassure the hon.
Member that we allocated an extra £5.5 million to support UK-Med in Gaza because those field sites are so important against a backdrop in which hospitals and medical facilities have been pummelled and bombed into the ground.
She is right to focus on the Biden plan, which we would like to see adopted in the next few days.
The plan dominated discussion with G7 Foreign Ministers in Washington DC last week and the conversations I have had with Arab partners, and all of us want to see the deal done.
I sincerely hope that we get to that point by the end of the month.
There is a sticking point with prisoner release as well as with hostage release: what happens on the day after?
Israel’s security is paramount.
Hamas cannot remain in charge of Gaza.
But equally, the Israel Defence Forces cannot remain situated in Gaza.
There has to be a new paradigm.
It will involve, I suspect, Arab partners and others who can give security guarantees to Israel.
It is a complicated picture.
We have to work at pace on what comes afterwards.
The hon.
Member is right to raise the terrible situation on the west bank.
It was important for me to meet the new Prime Minister on the west bank to discuss the finances that have been withdrawn and the febrile situation we saw against a backdrop of an unbelievable expansion, which breaches international law that the House stands by.
I press the Israeli Prime Minister on that issue greatly.
We are of course looking closely at those issues.
On the role that Iran plays in sponsoring Hamas, sponsoring Hezbollah and engaging in malign activity, we keep a close eye.
I stand by what I said at the Dispatch Box when I was Opposition spokesman on these matters, and I will work over the coming months to review the context of terrorist activity and state threats with the Home Secretary.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend to his position.
What discussions has he had on a deal to secure the release of the hostages?
Can he inform the House of the welfare of the remaining hostages?
It has now been many months indeed, and it is sadly possible that some of the hostages are no longer alive—there are reports that some have lost their lives.
I have spoken to hostage families, aware that, in this case, their sons may no longer be with us.
Of course, like any parent, they want the body returned.
There are also hostages still in tunnels, and their parents, brothers, sisters and families are unaware of their health at this point in time.
We will continue to do all we can, working with the Israeli authorities and with nations,  such as Qatar, that, importantly, are able to speak to Hamas in a way that this Government cannot, in order to ensure their release.
I welcome the Foreign Secretary to his place.
The situation in Gaza is, frankly, soul shattering.
It has been nearly 300 days, and the death toll stands at 38,000, with the vast majority of those killed being women and children.