We had to fight to close our care homes because the hospitals, under instruction from the Government, were discharging residents without testing and would not listen to us and would not stop.
We had to fight to get vaccination in our local pharmacies, and we had to fight to establish a local test and trace system, which then reached 99% of people when the Government were only reaching 62%.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that further stages of the inquiry, or what the Government now do, should identify and learn from the previous Government’s failure to engage appropriately with the local authorities not only before but during the pandemic?
The points that my hon.
Friend makes about local government are well made.
As I have said, my experience in my local authority area was that I thought the local council stepped up.
Sometimes the issue of who is vulnerable and where they are is much easier for a local authority to know than central Government.
The spirit of co-operation that I called for in my opening statement is in the public interest and the national interest, and it is what we have to do.
If we co-operate, we will be stronger.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for an important statement, and I welcome him to his new role.
Like many of us in this room, during the pandemic I lost a good friend and Harlow lost an incredible councillor in Councillor Frances Mason, an incredible community champion who served her community until the very end.
In my constituency, NHS staff at Princess Alexandra hospital were on the frontline during this terrible period.
Their feedback to me was that the Government’s initial response to covid was too slow and failed to recognise the seriousness of the issue.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree?
Let me offer my hon.
Friend my condolences on the loss of his colleague Frances Mason.
He is right to pay tribute to NHS staff.
Baroness Hallett has set out a number of failings, whether speed, leadership or co-ordination.
It is important that we try to learn lessons from this, and we intend to do that.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his statement.
May I associate myself with the comments made today about the bereaved and the integral role of our public sector workers throughout the pandemic?
Local government workers across Paisley and Renfrewshire South were on the frontline during the pandemic.
They established temporary mortuaries to bury our dead, and they looked after the children of key workers so that they could go to work.
Could my right hon.
Friend say a little more about how to ensure that local authorities will be treated as an integral partner in our resilience planning and the response?
That is about not just their funding but the respect with which they are treated by Government.
Could he assure us that, in that spirit of co-operation across the four nations, Barnett consequentials given to the Scottish Government will be passed on to their intended recipients?
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the important role of local authorities, as other hon.
Members have.
I hope that I have made it clear in my statement and in my responses today that this must be an effort by the whole United Kingdom: central Government, devolved Governments and local authorities in every part of the country.
We are stronger together.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his statement and Baroness Hallett for her important report.
On the doorsteps of Camborne, Redruth and Hayle, the anger and grief are still palpable.
Where was the accountability from Ministers?
Where was the leadership?
Royal Cornwall hospitals NHS trust was on high alert before the pandemic hit.
Is it not the case that our NHS was desperately struggling years before, through mismanagement from the Conservative party, and that lives were unnecessarily lost because of it?