Twenty-four years ago, just weeks after I first joined the House, President Clinton hosted the Camp David summit—a reminder that this tragedy has lasted far too long.
There are those in this House who, like me, represent constituents who are convinced that the world does not understand Israel’s predicament.
To them I say that Israel is in a tough neighbourhood and is threatened by those who want it annihilated.
There is no equivalence between Israel’s democratic Government and Hamas, a terrorist organisation responsible for an act of barbarism on  7 October  that sought to kill countless Israelis and provoke wider conflict with Palestinians.
I fully supported the UK’s role in defending Israel when Iran launched its unprecedented attack, and I utterly condemn the Houthi attack on Tel Aviv overnight.
There are also those who, like me, represent constituents who are convinced that the world does not understand the depth of Palestinian suffering.
To them I say that civilians in Gaza are trapped in hell on earth.
The  Palestinian people have been in purgatory for decades, and have been denied the state that is their inalienable right.
As Foreign Secretary, I understand both those perspectives.
I recognise the pain and anguish felt on all sides.
It makes me only more determined to do all I can in this office to advance the cause of peace.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the Opposition spokesman.
May I start by welcoming the Secretary of State and his team to their places?
They take up their roles in one of the greatest offices of state, which is committed to shaping the future and the safety of our country.
That is, after all, the foremost duty of our Government.
I take this opportunity to put on record my thanks to Lord Cameron, Lord Ahmad and, of course, the shadow Foreign Secretary, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell) , for their steadfast determination to end this conflict, and for the humanity that they displayed when faced with a situation of untold horror.
I also thank them for keeping me—in my previous role as Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee —and both Opposition Front Benches fully updated.
I am sure that the current Government will continue with that collaborative approach.
I thank the Secretary of State for advance sight of his statement, although I cannot say that it prepared me fully to find myself on the Front Bench on a Friday morning.
He will know the extensive work that we undertook while in government, following the horrific terrorist attack suffered by Israel on  7 October  and the crimes against humanity suffered by her people.
I welcome his visit to the region.
Israel did suffer an appalling terrorist attack—the deadliest in its history.
As we said from the outset, Israel has the right to defend itself in accordance with international humanitarian law, and we must remove Hamas’s capacity to launch attacks against Israel.
As the right hon.
Gentleman rightly set out, the situation in Gaza is desperate.
Too many Palestinian civilians have been killed.
We continue to see strikes on humanitarian infrastructure and the humanitarian situation is unforgivable.
The index on famine states that Gaza is now in just that: full famine.
I saw this when I went on my own visit to the Egyptian border with Gaza and met families who had had to be evacuated due to the severity of the harm caused to them.
We need an immediate end to the fighting and to secure the release of the hostages, whose families continue to suffer unbearable torment on a daily basis, so will the right hon.
Gentleman please provide an update to the House on reassurances he has received on the safety of the hostages?
On aid, in his meetings has the Foreign Secretary secured any reassurances to increase the number of trucks going into Gaza?
Seventy-odd a day is just not enough.