But after just two weeks, we have already made a difference by creating a national wealth fund to grow our economy; scrapping the failed Rwanda plan; lifting the near-decade-long ban on onshore wind; starting work on the 40,000 extra NHS appointments that people need each week, and on getting the 700,000 urgent dental appointments up and running; and resuming and expanding teacher recruitment.
In my Department, newly renamed the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, we will replace slogans with substance.
We are getting back to the real work of governing in the national interest.
We have already taken early steps to unblock our planning system, creating a new taskforce   to accelerate progress on stalled housing sites in our country, beginning with four that alone could deliver more than 14,000 of the homes that Britain so desperately needs.
The housing crisis is holding Britain back.
Too many families face soaring mortgage payments, or sky-high rents for damp, unsafe homes, and there are leaseholders who are trapped, facing eye-watering charges with no way out.
All this has been fuelled by the chronic housing shortage, after the last Government failed to meet their housing targets every single year.
Housing completions are now set to hit their lowest level since world war two.
We know we have a mountain to climb.
That is why we are already taking the first steps, starting with an overhaul of our planning system—a reform that will help us build the homes we need and speed up provision of the infrastructure to support them.
We are committed not just to an ambitious target for overall housing building, but to building the biggest wave of social and affordable housing for a generation.
That is a promise that we will bring back with meaningful housing targets.
It is right that local people have a say on what kind of houses are built and where, because our aim is not to build big, but to build well.
We will work with local government to plan new housing in the best possible places, with the infrastructure, public services and green spaces they need.
Social housing must be there when people need it, and affordable housing to own should be there when they want it.
I congratulate the Deputy Prime Minister on her new role.
My local councils in South Staffordshire and Dudley have worked hard to prepare local plans that provide the housing they have assessed that the local community needs, while also protecting key green belt.
Will the right hon.
Lady really tear up plans that have been adopted, or that are in the formal process of being adopted, if her bureaucrats feel that their assessment is better than the local council’s?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman’s comments, and I congratulate the local authorities that have those local plans.
If those plans are adopted, that is exactly what we want to see; we want to see more local plans, and more engagement with local leaders, so that we can build the houses that people want in their areas, working together with them.
The hon.
Gentleman talked about the green belt, but we have been very clear on the grey belt as well.
We will not get the housing we need just from brownfield sites, although brownfield will be first.
We will work with local leaders, because the mandate the British people gave us at this election was to get the housing that Britain needs.
I am afraid that the last Tory Government did not take this issue on but failed people, and we have a chronic housing shortage.
Everyone should have a place to call home, and we will legislate to make that happen.
Our renters’ rights Bill will give protection and security to tenants, as well as responsible landlords, levelling the playing field.
We will plug the gaps left by the last Government’s Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024, tackling unregulated and unaffordable ground rents and strengthening leaseholders’ rights.