Friend is absolutely right to put on record our deep concern for the hostages, their families and their plight.
If they were released, we could end this now.
I warmly welcome my right hon.
Friend to his position as the first Labour Foreign Secretary for 14 years, which is very welcome.
Does he agree that the UK’s extensive, long-standing diplomatic, economic, cultural and defence ties with the Gulf Arab and other middle eastern Governments mean that we are better placed to bring our influence to bear and work in co-operation with our international partners, in order to achieve a two-state solution that ensures a safe and secure Israel and a viable, sovereign and—one day, we hope—prosperous Palestinian state?
Can he also assure me that all will be done to enable British organisations and companies to play their fullest role in rebuilding Gaza’s infrastructure and economy?
I say to my hon.
Friend, the new Member for Rugby, that that is a very good question.
That is why in opposition, I spent so much time with partners in the region, talking to them about the future.
All of them want to be engaged, want peace and want to move towards a process of normalisation, but they are all crystal clear that that cannot happen by ignoring the plight of the Palestinian people, or without setting up a  road map to two states.
They are not prepared to reconstruct Gaza for this to happen yet again in 25 years’ time, so we have to work with them.
They play a critical role, but we must now get that immediate ceasefire.
I welcome the Foreign Secretary and his team to their places, and strongly welcome the decision announced today to restore funding for UNRWA, which will be recognised by many people in south Birmingham as an important step—among many others—towards ending the horror that we see today in Gaza.
The Israeli Government’s decision to end the legal routes for Palestinians to work in Israel has played an important role in the entrenchment of poverty and political instability in the west bank, alongside the illegal settlements programme.
Will the Foreign Secretary make representations on this important matter, recognising that both the Israeli Histadrut and the Palestinian General Federation of Trade Unions, as pillars of civil society in both nations, have an important role to play in the establishment of a lasting peace?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question, which gives me an opportunity to talk about what I saw on the west bank.
The situation is febrile—it is anxious.
There is tremendous hardship because of the withdrawal of those funds.
It is phenomenally tense, and against that backdrop, people are watching their land being taken from them before their eyes.
As such, the representations that my hon.
Friend has asked me to make are absolutely the representations I made when I spoke to the leadership in Israel, because this simply cannot continue, and we must act to stop it.
I welcome the Foreign Secretary and the whole Front-Bench team to their place—it is wonderful to see.
I also welcome the visit that the Foreign Secretary made to the middle east, and thank him for the time he spent visiting the families of the hostages who have been held in Gaza for nine months now.
I ask him to commit to do everything he can to ensure those hostages are released immediately.
I welcome my hon.
Friend and north London colleague to his seat.
He represents a part of the country with a significant Jewish population; in my own constituency, I am very proud of the Stamford Hill area of Tottenham, which is also a historic home of the Jewish population.
They are hugely concerned about the plight of hostages, and they worry that the discussion about hostages has fallen off the lips of so many people.