I know that he has championed the Palestinian cause and the Palestinian people in this House for many, many years.
He pushes me on an important subject.
May I say to him—he is an esteemed lawyer, so he understands why I am choosing my words carefully—that this is a quasi-legal process and it is important that I follow the actions in the appropriate way, with all probity and integrity?
I will consider those assessments when they are made available to me.
I instigated a process on my first day in office.
I am supported in that by our Attorney General, and I hope to be able to make my views known with full accountability and transparency.
I welcome the Foreign Secretary to his place and I welcome the decision to restore UNRWA funding and the overall change of tone from his predecessors on this issue.
The Liberal Democrats have long called for arms sales to Israel to be suspended while there are questions over its human rights record.
As shadow Foreign Secretary, he called on the Conservative Government to publish the legal advice that they had received on this matter.
Will he commit to doing so now?
The hon.
Lady will have heard what was just said to my hon.
Friend the Member for Hammersmith and Fulham—[Interruption.]
The boundaries have changed and he is now my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hammersmith and Chiswick (Andy Slaughter) —Hammersmith has gone more upmarket! [
Interruption.]
Members will understand that, as the Member for Tottenham, I think that I can get away with that.
In all seriousness, because this is a very serious point, I will seek to make my decision with full accountability and transparency.
I welcome the Foreign Secretary’s announcement on UNRWA, whose work I know well.
It saves lives in the face of unbearable horror, and we must be careful about believing any misinformation about its work.
Earlier this year, in one of the only hospitals still functioning in Gaza, I met a mother whose child had been injured by an Israeli airstrike.
With almost 40,000 killed, she asked me to tell the world what was being done to the Palestinians of Gaza.
She assumed that we did not know, because if we knew, surely we would have acted to stop it.
Does the Foreign Secretary agree that, as well as an immediate and lasting ceasefire, accountability is essential in upholding international law, and that the International Criminal Court and International Court of Justice are doing vital work on Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories that must be supported and acted on?
Will he meet me to discuss those issues?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
Many in this House will know of her considerable work and the work of her colleagues on behalf of those suffering in Gaza over the past few months.
They will also know just how hard and unbearable it has been for many, many of those working on the ground.
My hon.
Friend makes an important statement about the independence of the work of the ICC and the ICJ.
I believe in the separation of powers, as I think do all democrats in this House.
It is for judges and the judiciary to have the time to reflect and make their considerations and for politicians to step back and respect them in that process.
That is the case in our own country and it must be the case in international courts of law.
Of course I will meet my hon.
Friend and other colleagues and keep them updated.
I welcome the Foreign Secretary and his team to their places.
I also welcome the statement, in particular the emphasis on the need for an immediate ceasefire, for the immediate release of all hostages and for a stop to settler violence and expansion in the west bank.
I welcome the resumption of funding to UNRWA.