Does he agree that those impacts were worse than they need have been, as set out by Baroness Hallett yesterday?
In that spirit, does he agree that this Government’s work of renewal must necessarily also be a work of repair?
My hon.
Friend talked about the legacies and, yes, they are very much still here.
In terms of vulnerabilities and exposure, Baroness Hallett also mentioned the different impacts on different ethnic minority communities.
When I say that resilience must be for everyone, that is also what I am talking about: it has to be for everyone, young and old, and regardless of their ethnic background.
Sometimes there were vulnerabilities—particularly in the early months of the pandemic—that exposed inequalities in that regard, and that should give us all pause for thought.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his statement and welcome him to his place.
May I also thank Baroness Hallett and her team and associate myself with the comments that everyone here has made to the victims, the bereaved families and frontline workers?
As my right hon.
Friend said, the voices of the bereaved are at the heart of this report, and that is right.
Can he assure me that when the Government are reflecting on the recommendations, that same spirit will be applied so that those insights go into the Government’s response?
Baroness Hallett deserves credit for putting the voices of the bereaved up front.
If anyone has looked at the actual report, they will find that before we even get into the recommendations, findings and so on, there are quotes from the bereaved that bring home exactly what these losses of loved ones meant to people, and the lasting impact of that.
Here we are some four years on from the beginning of it.
I recognise the conclusion in Baroness Hallett’s clear report and thank her for it.
In Cornwall, our peripherality made it so much harder.
Our local authority’s public health test and trace was halted by the Government on   12 March  when fewer than half a dozen cases were in existence in Cornwall.
PPE came very slowly.
Citizens were making masks and some councillors and officers drove up to Exeter to pick up some.
Care homes and workers in particular were slow to get PPE.
In many care homes in my constituency, there were tragic results.
Will we ensure that local authority public health directors can be more involved with decision making and setting up local solutions such as test and trace?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the issue of care homes, where it was such a difficult situation throughout the pandemic.
We were trying to get the right PPE to the staff.
It was a huge problem during the early weeks of the pandemic.
I remember raising questions about that, and it just exposed what a scramble for safety there was, particularly in the early months.
She is right to urge us to learn the lessons from that.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his statement.
Mr Speaker, as you will have noticed, and as other people have referred to, the report states that there was a failure to engage appropriately with local government in preparing for the pandemic.
Sadly, that failure continued throughout the pandemic.
I had the dubious pleasure of being the cabinet member for health and social care in Hammersmith and Fulham council throughout the pandemic.
We had to fight to close our care homes because the hospitals, under instruction from the Government, were discharging residents without testing and would not listen to us and would not stop.
We had to fight to get vaccination in our local pharmacies, and we had to fight to establish a local test and trace system, which then reached 99% of people when the Government were only reaching 62%.
Does my right hon.