It is also true that pre-existing inequalities left people more vulnerable.
A national emergency like this exposes weak points and brings them into the a glaring public light, and they weaken the response of the whole country.
The truth is that we have a stronger response as a country if we manage to reduce inequalities, be they on the basis of ethnic minority or of income.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his statement.
To build on the previous question, Covid-19 Bereaved Families for Justice UK has said that module 1 of the report does not go far enough in looking at inequality.
Given the high incidence of diabetes and other long-term health conditions in the south Asian community in particular in my constituency, and the disproportionately high covid death rate among disabled, black and Asian people, what assessment has he made of the deep structural inequalities in the health  of the nation, after years of Conservative inaction, that caused us to be less prepared for covid-19, and that ultimately led to unnecessary deaths?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
She is quite right to point out that the prevalence of a particular health condition can be higher in one part of the community.
As I have said a few times today, the inequalities exposed in the pandemic made the response weaker than it might have been.
If we are to be stronger and better able to handle an emergency like this in the future, we have to address those inequalities.
That is not just in the interests of those it will help directly, but in the interests of all of us, because when it comes to emergencies like this, we are all in it together.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I shall make a statement on the middle east.
I was very disappointed to miss yesterday’s foreign affairs debate due to the European Political Community summit, and I welcome this early opportunity to come to the House.
Last weekend, I visited Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories, meeting leaders on both sides.
My right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister has also spoken to both Prime Minister Netanyahu and President Abbas, and I have discussed the issue with colleagues from the G7 and, of course, the region.
This has been a priority from day one because of the desperate situation in Gaza, and the serious risk of escalation in Lebanon in particular.
I must be frank: Britain wants an immediate ceasefire.
The fighting must stop.
The hostages must be released.
Much, much more aid must enter Gaza—Israel promised a “flood of aid” back in April, but imposes impossible and unacceptable restrictions—and there must be de-escalation on the Israeli-Lebanese border.
I sincerely hope the parties will agree a ceasefire as a matter of urgency.
I have been discussing with partners the need for planning for what follows, on reconstruction, governance and security, and for reforming and empowering the Palestinian Authority, but President Biden presented his proposals nearly two months ago, so we in this new Government have not sought to cloak our position in qualifications or conditions.
This horror must end now.
My visit brought home the conflict’s appalling impact.
I met the families of those murdered and taken hostage so cruelly by Hamas, now separated from their loved ones for so long.
I told them that the UK would continue to push for the immediate release of all hostages.
I also met Palestinians displaced by settlers.
Settlement expansion and settler violence have reached record levels.
The Israeli Government have seized more of the west bank in 2024 than in the past 20 years.
That is completely unacceptable.
This Government will challenge those who undermine a two-state solution.
Finally, I met aid workers from the United Nations agencies operating in Gaza.
More aid workers have been killed in Gaza than in every other conflict globally combined this year.