What plans does he have to consult the devolved Administrations and local government structures on the detailed changes proposed to how they would operate in the context of a future emergency?
What steps will he and the Government be taking to ensure that our emergency planning structures are more cohesively joined up if our country is to face another pandemic?
More importantly, I want to conclude by saying that we stand ready to work constructively and openly with the right hon.
Gentleman and the Government in the national interest to ensure that, as a country, we learn the lessons from this module and from Lady Hallett’s future recommendations to build better resilience in our country and ensure that, irrespective of who is in government, the country is better prepared in future.
That is the least that all of us in the House owe the country and those who lost loved ones or suffered in so many different ways—those whose mental health suffered, the children who suffered from not being able to go to school, those who suffered from domestic abuse, and those up and down the country who in many ways still suffer from what happened back then.
As I have said, I approach this issue in a spirit of co-operation with the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.
I look forward to working with him in the national interest and to building resilience for the future.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his response and for the tone in which he spoke.
He set out what the previous Government have done, and in my statement I acknowledged that progress has been made, but I think it is also right that a new Government take the opportunity to have a fresh look at this, with fresh eyes and in the right spirit.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked a couple of questions on consultation with the devolved Administrations.
Yes, that is essential, as is consultation within England with local authorities and elected mayors.
It is important that different parts of the country work together when there is a national emergency.
There were also questions about how this operates within Government and the balance of responsibility between the centre and individual Government Departments.
Baroness Hallett is quite clear that in a truly national emergency the centre has to step up and responsibility cannot be left to individual Departments.
The right hon.
Gentleman was right to conclude with the spirit of co-operation that we need on this issue.
This work is in the national interest and in the public’s interest.
It is the first duty of any Government of any political stripe to do what they can to protect the public.
The challenge is that the risks we face are more complex and more unpredictable than they have been in the past.
As I said in my statement, we cannot fully plan for every risk, but we have to try to have a system in place that gives us the best possible chance of planning for the risks we can see in front of us.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his statement.
Like everyone, my thoughts are with the many victims who tragically lost their lives.
I take this opportunity to pay tribute to the hard-working staff at St Thomas’ hospital in my constituency who cared for so many people in their last dying days, and who cared for the former Prime Minister when he caught covid-19.
You will be aware, Mr Speaker, that the national covid memorial wall is in my constituency—a stark reminder of the many lives that were lost, each heart painstakingly painted by a family member and dedicated to their lost one.
It is a reminder of the many lives that were lost.
Will my right hon.
Friend visit the covid memorial wall with me and meet the families, and look at how we can make that wall permanent?