Friend and north London colleague to his seat.
He represents a part of the country with a significant Jewish population; in my own constituency, I am very proud of the Stamford Hill area of Tottenham, which is also a historic home of the Jewish population.
They are hugely concerned about the plight of hostages, and they worry that the discussion about hostages has fallen off the lips of so many people.
They worry that the horrors of  7 October  have been forgotten against the backdrop of this unfolding crisis and this war, and I want to reassure them and my hon.
Friend that they have not been forgotten.
The British Government—and this is a cross-party issue—are working very closely with the Israelis and others to see the hostages released.
Debate resumed (Order,  18 July ).
Question again proposed,
That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, as follows:
Most Gracious Sovereign,
We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, in Parliament assembled, beg leave to offer our humble thanks to Your Majesty for the Gracious Speech which Your Majesty has addressed to both Houses of Parliament.
It is an honour to open today’s King’s Speech debate on behalf of His Majesty’s Government, and it is the honour of my life to address the House for the first time as the Deputy Prime Minister.
We have been given a mandate by the British people to turn the page on 14 years of chaos and start the new chapter that they deserve.
That began with this week’s King’s Speech, but it is not the words that we offer; it is the action.
I know at first hand how Government can change lives for the better.
I say that not as a politician, but as someone whose life was changed for the better by the last Labour Government, and I am determined to do the same for others.
That is why we have set out a bold vision to smash the class ceiling, to get Britain building, and to improve the quality and standard of life for everyone everywhere across our country.
Let me give a huge welcome to all the new Members on the Government Benches, who are crucial in delivering that programme of national renewal.
I also extend a welcome to new Opposition Members.
We will disagree on much, I am sure, but we all share the honour and privilege of representing those who sent us here, so I wish the very best to all hon.
Members making their maiden speech today.
Just over nine years ago, when I made my maiden speech on behalf of the people of Ashton-under-Lyne, I pledged that I would always tell it as it is, and I think that is one promise I have kept.
Now I intend to fulfil another, because we promise the people of this country that we will serve their interests and not ours.
That starts with us having the honesty to say that we will not be able to put right the mess of the past 14 years immediately.
But after just two weeks, we have already made a difference by creating a national wealth fund to grow our economy; scrapping the failed Rwanda plan; lifting the near-decade-long ban on onshore wind; starting work on the 40,000 extra NHS appointments that people need each week, and on getting the 700,000 urgent dental appointments up and running; and resuming and expanding teacher recruitment.
In my Department, newly renamed the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, we will replace slogans with substance.
We are getting back to the real work of governing in the national interest.