We believe passionately in two states.
I say to those who reject two states, “If you are a proponent of one state, you have to explain how everyone enjoys equality under the law.
And if you are a proponent of no state, you are effectively suggesting that occupation continues.”
That is unacceptable, I would have thought, to all Members of this House.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on becoming Foreign Secretary, and I welcome his statement outlining the restoration of UNRWA funding, for which Labour Members have been calling for a long time.
He will remember that many of us have raised the issue of humanitarian aid.
We met many aid organisations throughout the last Parliament, including Islamic Relief, which is based in my constituency, who told me, two days after  7 October , the harrowing story of losing contact with all their staff on the ground.
We know that blockades and restrictions are key issues, so will he outline how they will be lifted so that urgent aid can get to the people who need it?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question, and may I congratulate her on her remarkable speech at the beginning of the debate on the Address?
She has also raised these issues before.
We certainly share a Christian faith and have talked about our deep concern as people of faith, and I pay tribute to Islamic Relief for its work.
One issue is that Rafah is now closed, and it needs to reopen.
Another issue is not just the trucks getting across but the distribution once they are there.
Very sadly, the picture that is now being painted is one of lawlessness in Gaza: widespread looting from the trucks that get across, and, very sadly, a driver losing his life yesterday.
Her question is, as the people of Vauxhall and Camberwell Green would say, on point.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend to his position and the restoration of funding to UNRWA.
It is good to see that when we talked about change at the election, we also meant in the international approach of the Government.
I know that he will share the House’s revulsion at the ongoing horror faced by hostages, their families and the innocent civilians in Gaza facing this enduring crisis.
That revulsion is shared by many people in my Peterborough constituency.
It is a privilege to be a voice for them in calling for a ceasefire, the release of hostages, peace and a complete solution to recognise Palestine.
What message would he send to constituents of mine—who have for too long heard discussions about a two-state solution—to say that this time, with a new Government, we have a new approach to deal with the immediate crisis and achieve the recognition of Palestine?
My hon.
Friend knows that I know Peterborough very well, having spent seven years of my life in that great cathedral city.
I have knocked on doors with him and know that this is an issue of great concern there.
We are absolutely committed to the two-state solution.
The global community has, for too many years, talked about it but not acted, and I recognise that there is now almost tremendous cynicism when that phrase is used, but there is no way out of this crisis without a plan for afterwards.
That plan must, of course, guarantee the security of Israel, but the Palestinian cause is a just cause, and we must work with Arab partners and build up the Palestinian Authority.
I spoke to them at length about what more we can do to assist them with the reforms that they need to make so that we can realise that.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to put on record our deep concern for the hostages, their families and their plight.
If they were released, we could end this now.
I warmly welcome my right hon.