Member for her questions and the spirit in which she asked them.
The truth is that it is easy for any of us to say, “Lessons must be learned,” and whenever anything goes wrong, people say that.
The proof is in the practice.
Will it be shown in practice?
That is the ultimate test for us all.
I am happy to confirm to the hon.
Member that, just as I said to the Opposition spokesperson, yes, we are happy to work across the aisle on this and to consider  suggestions.
My colleagues at the Department for Culture, Media and Sport are considering the recommendations on the memorial.
The Minister spoke of resilience.
He is aware that Northwick Park hospital in my constituency was the epicentre at the start of the pandemic, and the lack of resilience meant that nurses there had to wear bin bags to protect themselves.
I noted that he spoke of Grenfell in his statement.
That was fundamentally important, because this is not simply about resilience in health.
In that regard, I ask him to look at the issue of reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete.
The same RAAC that caused problems in our schools was used in many housing developments at the time.
We need to be resilient to any potential disasters in that respect, too.
I echo my hon.
Friend’s tribute to the work of the NHS staff in his constituency.
RAAC in public buildings is part of the Government’s inheritance.
Just because the problem has slipped down the news agenda somewhat, that does not mean that it has gone away.
In time, we will have to address it to ensure that such buildings—whether housing accommodation or public buildings—are safe for people to live in, work in and be treated in.
I congratulate the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster on his new role and welcome the tone of his statement.
The report is a stark reminder—if any were needed—that even the most eminent and public-spirited scientists can occasionally be wrong when groupthink affects assumptions.
What can the Government do to ensure that Ministers and parliamentarians have access to the widest possible range of advice—including, where appropriate, dissenting voices—across a whole range of issues?
The hon.
Member is right that groupthink is identified in the report, so it is important for the Government to have access to the widest range of advice, but no part of that, for me or the Government, will be about engaging in anti-science rhetoric or anything of that nature.
A diversity of views, yes; a denial of the facts, no.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his statement.
Yesterday evening, I walked alongside the covid memorial wall and was moved by the number of hearts, each one representing someone who died from covid.
I extend my sympathies to all the bereaved families who lost loved ones.
Many people of all ages continue to suffer the consequences of the lack of resilience and preparedness due to long covid, so will my right hon.
Friend reassure Members that those children and adults who continue to suffer with long covid—such as the young granddaughter of one of my constituents in Shipley—will not be forgotten as the inquiry continues its work?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
Again, I echo her comments on the memorial wall.
Following the election, we have a lot of new Members  in the House; if any of them find themselves with a spare hour, they could do a lot worse than go to the memorial wall, contemplate, and look at the outpouring of grief that is reflected on that wall.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about long covid, which I mentioned in my opening remarks.
When we think about the pandemic, of course we think about those who were lost and their families, but there are also people several years on from the pandemic who are still living with those consequences.