The Government’s first responsibility is to keep the public safe.
That is a top priority of this Government.
With a long-term approach to strengthening our national resilience, I shall lead a review of our national resilience against the range of risks that the UK faces.
I shall chair a dedicated Cabinet Committee on resilience to oversee that work.
Of course, it is not just about central Government, so we will work with the devolved Governments, regional mayors and local leaders as we consider the report’s recommendations.
When we have an emergency, we should do everything we can to work together locally and nationally.
The Prime Minister has already started to reset relationships with critical partners, because resilience is too important for division to get in the way.
Instead, it has to be about co-operative strength.
Some improvements to our operational effectiveness have already been made.
The previous Administration did make efforts to improve preparedness.
These include changes in the way that the Government access, analyse and share data, including with the public.
They also changed the risk assessment processes and the way in which the centre of Government works to prepare for and respond to crises.
As an incoming Government, in office for just two weeks, we will look at those efforts in the coming months as we develop our own approach.
Where things are good, they should be kept; where they are not good enough, they should be changed.
The inquiry’s report recommends improvements in the way whole-system risks are assessed and managed across the UK Government and the devolved Governments, and improvements to the leadership and oversight provided by Ministers.
The Government will carefully consider all the findings and recommendations, including any from the Grenfell inquiry that also have a bearing on resilience planning.
We will respond in full within six months.
We will also play our full part in international efforts to improve global health and pandemic preparedness, from disease surveillance and vaccine development to strengthening health systems in the global south and building even greater international co-operation.
The United Kingdom has a huge amount to offer and it is in our national interest to do so, because, as we have seen so powerfully, pandemics do not respect international borders, so global health security is an essential element of national security.
I wish to thank Baroness Hallett and her team for all their work so far and for putting the voices of the bereaved at the heart of the inquiry.
Amid the tragedy of the pandemic, the British people came together in the most extraordinary ways—from the incredible service and sacrifice of our frontline workers, not least in the NHS, to the generosity of volunteers across our communities supporting one another with acts of kindness.
It was a story of service that showed the very best of our country.
This Government of service are determined to learn the lessons from this inquiry and to prepare as best we can for the future.
That is the duty that we have to the people we serve, and indeed to the memory of those we lost.
It is in that spirit that I commend this statement to the House.
I thank the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster not only for early sight of his statement, for which I am grateful, but for his tone in how he addressed what is an extremely sobering report—module 1 of nine.
I suspect that we will look at many more such sobering reports in the coming months.
I put on the record our gratitude to Lady Hallett and her team for the work that they have done and to all the witnesses who gave evidence, particularly those who had experienced loss and trauma.
That evidence was vital, but giving it will not have been in any way easy, given what they had been through.
I pay tribute to them.