Lady is quite right that they must not be lifted just because there is a cessation in the fighting.
They must be kept in place as a vital part of our armoury—something that did not happen with Minsk.
She is quite right to say that we have to avoid the mistakes of the past, which is why a security guarantee is so important—a guarantee that we should lead, but which needs US backing if it is to act as a proper guarantee.
Of course she is right to say that Ukraine must be at the table in any discussions about the future of Ukraine, and I think that is a common position across the House.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
We all watched with alarm and distress the scenes from the White House on Friday, but equally, across the country, we were extremely grateful that we had a Prime Minister who had such a pitch-perfect response at the weekend.
As he works towards a just peace for Ukraine, he has the support of the whole country in doing so.
Here is the question.
The Prime Minister said on “Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg” that following the cuts to the aid budget, he would go through line by line to ensure that the priorities of Ukraine, Sudan and Gaza were all prioritised in a lasting peace.
The difficulty is that after refugee costs, admin costs and the Department’s commitments to things like the World Bank and the UN are taken into account, it is hard to believe that there will be enough left in the budget to provide meaningful humanitarian support in those priority areas.
Does the Prime Minister understand the concern of so many that these cuts could in fact, in the long term, hobble the very leadership that he has shown this weekend, which has finally given the world some hope?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her question.
It is a very important issue.
What I did last week was to announce the biggest sustained increase in defence spending since the cold war, and the circumstances and the context require it.
That decision had to be made, and I was determined that it would be fully funded so the House could see where the money would come from.
On the question of overseas aid, I am committed to it.
What we will now do is go through line by line the funding and look at our priorities.
Of course, Ukraine, Sudan and Gaza are right up there in our priorities, but I also want to work with others, and across the House if we can, on other ways of raising money and finance for development and aid overseas.
I saw the president of the World Bank on Friday to have that very discussion; I want to have it, and I mentioned it in my discussions with other countries this weekend, many of which want to join in attempts to find other ways to leverage money, particularly from the private sector, where states cannot do it in the way that they might want to just at the moment.
That is the approach we will take.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
I thank the Prime Minister for advance sight of his statement.
We were all horrified by Friday’s scenes in the Oval Office.
President Trump’s attack on the brave and dignified President Zelensky left everyone shocked and appalled—except, it seems,  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) .
Nobody else watching those scenes could fail to understand that we have entered a new era—one in which the United States prefers to align itself with tyrants like Putin, rather than its democratic partners.