An architect constituent of mine alerted me to his concerns about Camden council’s approach to fire safety in an application to construct a 400-guest underground hotel.
At the planning stage, the London Fire Brigade expressed serious concerns that the proposed safety features would be difficult to maintain and dangerous were they to fail.
A freedom of information request revealed that the London Fire Brigade’s fire safety compliance team felt that their concerns were ignored by Camden council at planning.
Will the Minister commit to reviewing regulations to see whether they are sufficient to ensure that local authorities in England properly attend to serious concerns raised by local fire brigades?
I am not sure that I can comment on the application the hon.
Gentleman is talking about, as it will, of course, have been subject to the planning process as established in law.
However, I can say that one of the changes that the Deputy Prime Minister made early on in our time in government was to ensure that approved document B can be updated quickly and in real time, so that if issues are highlighted, the regulations can keep up and buildings can be kept safe.
Last week, Labour councillors in York delivered the first local plan—are you ready for this, Mr Speaker?—since 1954, for which they should be commended, but local authorities need planning officers if they are to ensure that applications  can be processed quickly.
Will the Minister update the House on plans to increase the number of planning officers?
I fondly remember—at least, I think I do —our consideration of the Levelling-up and Regeneration Act 2023. [
Interruption.]
The hon.
Member for Mid Buckinghamshire (Greg Smith)  remembers it, too.
At every sitting of the Public Bill Committee, my hon.
Friend  the Member for York Central (Rachael Maskell)  said that York had never produced a plan, so I was overjoyed when I heard from the leader of York council this morning that it had had that success.
Of course, making these things real involves really good planners, which is why we are pleased to have made a further £46 million available for planning capacity.
I call the shadow Minister.
We note that the Government have chosen not to take forward the Grenfell report recommendation relating to certification bodies on materials safety.
Given the previous Minister’s failure to reply to my questions on the new use of European standards in respect of fire performance, will the new Minister assure the House that we can be absolutely confident that the fire safety performance regulations in place are clear, robust and effective?
They will be all those things; I believe that is a shared goal.
For clarity, we are taking forward the recommendations.
As we stated last week, we do not think that the testing houses ought to be under the purview of a single construction regulator, as that would mean that the regulator would essentially mark its own homework if there was a problem.
I know Opposition Members have a problem with this, and I am more than happy to speak about it in greater detail.
We are looking very closely at European standards, as the hon.
Gentleman will have seen in the “Construction Products Reform” Green Paper.
Alignment with those European standards is probably a desirable goal, but that is subject to the ongoing consultation.
We are very clear that the current regime does not cover enough construction products.
There is not enough transparency or accountability when things go wrong.
Our desire, as has been expressed from the Dispatch Box, is for a very high standards regime, and I look forward to working with Opposition Members in service of that shared goal.
What steps she is taking to support councils with town centre regeneration projects.
We all want to see our town centres thrive, and it is one of those things that constituents raise with all of us.