In this House, we stand by Ukraine because it is the right thing to do, but we also stand by them because it is in our interests to do so.
If we do not achieve a lasting peace, the instability and insecurity that has hit the living standards of working people in Britain will only get worse and Putin’s appetite for conflict and chaos will only grow.
A strong peace, a just peace and a lasting peace: that has now to be our goal.
It is vital, it is in our interests and in its pursuit Britain will lead from the front.
For the security of our continent, the security of our country and the security of the British people, we must now win the peace.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
I thank the Prime Minister for advance sight of his statement, and for our conversation earlier today.
The United Kingdom is a free, democratic and sovereign country.
We recognise that Ukraine is fighting for her survival and fighting to have the same freedom, democracy and sovereignty that all of us here enjoy.
That is why both the Opposition and the Government are fully committed to supporting Ukraine and President Zelensky.
I was also glad to see His Majesty the King welcome President Zelensky at Sandringham.
As I said at the weekend, President Zelensky is a hero.
He is a symbol of the bravery of the Ukrainian people.
There are of course many areas where the Prime Minister and I disagree, but now is the time for us to discuss where we do agree.
I welcome all his actions this weekend to convene European leaders, as well as the focus on economic security, using UK Export Finance to support British jobs.
As the Prime Minister knows, we welcome the uplift in defence spending to 2.5% of GDP by 2027, and we support the use of foreign aid to achieve that.
We welcome a commitment to reach 3% in the years ahead, and we will support him in taking difficult spending decisions, including on welfare.
We will return to the details of how the Government will fund this in the near future, but for now it is right that the Prime Minister is working with allies in Europe and with the United States to bring peace to Ukraine, and not a surrender to Russia.
As part of that, the Prime Minister has suggested that British troops could be deployed in Ukraine.
There are obviously a range of possible options for what such a deployment could look like, and we are keen to work with the Government, but we will need details of any such plan.
This will be a difficult but significant step.
I know many in Parliament, and across our country, will be interested in what this entails, and I ask him to work with us so there can be effective scrutiny.
I also welcome the coalition of the willing to support Ukraine and agree that Europe must do the heavy lifting.
Will the Prime Minister update us on what European and other allies are willing to offer towards this coalition?
I welcome the use of the proceeds from frozen Russian assets to support Ukraine.
Does the Prime Minister have plans to go further and use the frozen assets themselves?
Will he provide an update on the Government’s sanctions on Russian-linked individuals and confirmation that such sanctions would not be lifted in the event of a ceasefire?
Will he update us on the steps that he and other allies are taking to ensure that Ukraine is at the negotiating table for any peace plan?
What does he think can be done to heal the rift with Washington?
As the Prime Minister referenced in his speech, the Minsk agreements of 2015 failed to stop Russian aggression and ultimately did not return Ukraine’s territorial integrity.