It would have generated 11.2 MW, shoring up their energy pipeline.
Where others   have stepped back, will we step forward and support such projects, using either Russian assets or our own aid budget?
Power supply is hugely important in Ukraine.
Let us face it: power and energy have been weaponised by Putin; that is why he is attacking the power supplies to communities across Ukraine.
We will work with Ukraine to ensure that its people have the security and power supplies they need as we go forward.
I call the Father of the House.
Our enemies should know that our Prime Minister has 100% support from us.
I noticed in Moscow that they are referring to the small size of the British Army.
Perhaps the Prime Minister could remind them of what the Kaiser said in 1914 about “the contemptible little British Army”.
Will the Prime Minister tell President Putin and other tyrants that our Army, the most professional in the world, is quite capable of giving as good as it gets?
To continue the historical allusion, as in 1939, if we do stand up to the mark with the French, it is best to have a security guarantee from the Americans.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his unity, because that is really important.
I think I speak for the whole House in saying that we are very proud of our armed forces in everything that they do.
They are at the leading edge.
They are playing a key part in Ukraine, and they will continue to play a key part in the security and defence of Europe.
I congratulate the Prime Minister on bringing European leaders together at the weekend and on setting the record straight with  J. D. Vance on the issue of free speech.
President Zelensky is resilient and brave, just like the nation that he represents.
In the second week of the war, when I went to Ukraine with my medical team, we could see at first hand that there is absolutely nothing that the Russians will not do.
Will the Prime Minister promise that our support will not waver, and that he will continue working closely with our European allies to make sure that we bring about peace in Ukraine?
I can give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
We will not waver.
We will work with our allies.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s statement expressing the United Kingdom’s unequivocal support for President Zelensky and Ukraine.
In view of the Prime Minister’s cuts to the aid budget, and with the eyes of the world focused on Zelensky, Ukraine and Russia, can he please reassure the House that he will not forget about the middle east, and in particular the decision by Netanyahu’s Government to block aid to Gaza?
What representations is he making on behalf of the Government to reverse that?
It is a breach of international law.
Let me be really clear: the decision to block aid going into Gaza is completely wrong and should not be supported in this House.
On the contrary, more desperately needed aid should be going into Gaza at speed and at volume, and we are making those representations.
I congratulate the Prime Minister on his strong leadership in his response to the fast-moving events of the weekend.
Will he recommit to increasing international aid spending to 0.7% when the fiscal circumstances allow?
Yes, I want to restore aid and development funding as soon as fiscal events allow.
It is a principle I believe in, and I am proud of what we have done.
In the meantime, I want to explore which other levers we can use to increase aid and development without necessarily increasing the spend within the Government budget.
There are many issues on which the Prime Minister and I will passionately disagree, but when it comes to the security of Ukraine and support for President Zelensky, we are of course united.