We recognise entirely that deprivation is a driver of cost, but so is the cost of rural service delivery.
The 48th most deprived locality in England and five of the 10 most deprived localities under Kent county council are in my constituency, yet the council struggles to understand the levels of deprivation and to adequately resource those localities.
Can the Minister assure my constituents that devolution and reorganisation of local government in Kent will ensure that their needs are not ignored like this in the future?
I will not comment on individual councils, other than to say that this is why local government reorganisation is so important.
In too many parts of England, the two-tier system is not working for local people.
The two-tier premium means that a two-tier system is a more expensive way of delivering public services, and most members of the public have no idea which council is responsible for delivering which service.
It is therefore right that we go through this reform.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to say that, in the end, things have to work for local people.
All the matters that he covered are on our mind.
We come to the shadow Secretary of State.
The Minister mentions local government reorganisation.
On  5 February , the Deputy Prime Minister stated:
“We are postponing elections for one year, from May 2025 to May 2026”—[Official Report,  5 February 2025 ; Vol.
761, c. 767.]
but on  17 February , the Minister, in a written parliamentary question, said that
“new unitary…government will be established or go-live in 2027”
or 2028.
Will the Minister confirm that these elections are not being postponed, and that they are, in fact, being cancelled for up to three years, meaning that councillors will serve terms of up to seven years?
Will he also confirm that the Deputy Prime Minister may have unintentionally misled the House, and will he correct the record?
I can start by confirming that the Deputy Prime Minister did not mislead the House.
The Opposition would do well not to muddy the waters.
They know better than anybody what local government reorganisation means.
Over the past few years, when they were in government, they postponed 17 sets of elections to allow reorganisation to take place.
Although elections are being postponed in nine councils, 24 sets of elections will still take place this year.
Let us not allow this to be whipped up into something that it is not.
We absolutely want to move at pace on reorganisation.
We want to see proposals developed and presented early—the sooner the better—so that we can move to those shadow authorities, and so that local people can elect the new bodies that will deliver public services in their area and be accountable to them.
To be clear, nobody will benefit—not the leaders of Conservative councils who have asked for postponement, nor members of the public—if we make the matter more confused than it needs to be.
What steps she is taking to help ensure that local authority planning processes include fire safety assessments.
Building regulations set fire safety standards for new developments, and building regulations and planning are, of course, a devolved matter.
In England, developers submitting planning applications for high-rise residential developments are required to submit, along with their planning application, a fire statement, setting out fire safety considerations, and the local planning authority must also consult the Health and Safety Executive.
An architect constituent of mine alerted me to his concerns about Camden council’s approach to fire safety in an application to construct a 400-guest underground hotel.
At the planning stage, the London Fire Brigade expressed serious concerns that the proposed safety features would be difficult to maintain and dangerous were they to fail.
A freedom of information request revealed that the London Fire Brigade’s fire safety compliance team felt that their concerns were ignored by Camden council at planning.