It is a principle I believe in, and I am proud of what we have done.
In the meantime, I want to explore which other levers we can use to increase aid and development without necessarily increasing the spend within the Government budget.
There are many issues on which the Prime Minister and I will passionately disagree, but when it comes to the security of Ukraine and support for President Zelensky, we are of course united.
I too commend the Prime Minister for his announcement yesterday, and on his partnership during the summit with our European and, indeed, our Canadian allies.
Unfortunately, it has been reported this afternoon that President Trump is set to meet American aides to discuss withdrawing military aid to Ukraine.
Are those reports something that the Prime Minister recognises, and, if so, what impact will that have on the timetable to which he and President Macron are currently working?
I have not seen reports of the United States withdrawing support for Ukraine, and, as I understand it, that is not its position.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his support on this issue, although I was somewhat concerned that the Scottish National party is continuing its suggestion that now is the time to abandon the nuclear deterrent.
If ever there was a time to reaffirm support for a nuclear deterrent, it is now.
We must not reduce our security and defence.
The SNP’s decision is completely wrong-headed, and it should reconsider.
The Prime Minister’s actions this week demonstrated again why UK leadership in defence and security and on Ukraine is crucial.
I also agree with him that it is important to strengthen our relationship with the United States.
In the coming months, will he consider whether we should be proposing to hit 3% spending before the next election?
We need to do what it takes.
I set out our position last week, which is that spending will be 2.5% by 2027 and 3% in the next Parliament, as fiscal circumstances allow.
The Prime Minister should surely be commended both for the meetings that he held in the White House last week and for the effective leadership that he showed over the weekend.
Will he bear in mind, as he seeks to forge this coalition of the willing with urgency and vigour, that the GDP of Russia is some $2 trillion, while the GDP of the six European members of NATO that are the most committed is more than seven times that, at $15 trillion?
That should surely add to the effectiveness of the deterrent and the work that he is now doing with European allies.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising that point.
We must not lose sight of the fact that the Russian economy is being damaged by the measures that we are taking collectively, particularly on sanctions,  and we should have self-confidence in the ability of Europe to pull together, whether that is on military or financial issues, for the collective security of the defence of Europe.
We have said many times that Europe needs to step up.
Now is the time to step up; now is the time to lead.
That is why I was pleased that in the last few days we moved things on a little in that regard.
I thank the Prime Minister for his statement, and for his continued strong leadership.
In contributing troops, drones and munitions, Russia’s allies remain active participants in Russia’s illegal war in Ukraine.
Will the Prime Minister please assure the House that alongside our allies we are closely monitoring Russia’s strategic partners during the ongoing peace efforts?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, and we continue to do that.
We need to bear down on Russia and all those who support Russia in this illegal war.
We welcome the increase in defence spending, but when I served there were more than 100,000 troops and today there are just over 74,000.