Friend  the Member for Nottingham North and Kimberley (Alex Norris) .
Less than a week since I called on this House to show the courage of our predecessors, we see clearly before us the test of our times, a crossroads in our history.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I will update the House on my efforts to secure a strong, just and lasting peace following Russia’s vile invasion of Ukraine.
It begins in this House, where on Tuesday I announced the biggest sustained increase in defence spending since the cold war—a recognition of the fact that, once again, we live in an era where peace in Europe depends upon strength and deterrence, but also a rediscovery of the old post-war argument, long held on these Benches, that economic security is national security.
Because the demands we now have to make of Britain must come alongside a new foundation of security for working people.
The tough choices that we made last week are not done.
We must use the process of getting to 3% of our national income spent on defence to fundamentally rebuild British industry, and use our investment in military spending to create new jobs and apprenticeships in every part of the country.
That is why last night I announced a deal that perfectly symbolises the new era: a partnership with Ukraine that allows them to use £1.6 billion of UK Export Finance to buy 5,000 air defence missiles, manufactured in Belfast.
That means UK jobs, UK skills and UK finance pulling together for our national interest, putting Ukraine in the strongest possible position for peace, and protecting innocent civilians from the terror of Russian drones.
My efforts continued on Thursday, when I met President Trump in the White House to strengthen our relationship with America.
Now, what happened in his subsequent meeting with President Zelensky is something nobody in this House wants to see.
But I do want to be crystal clear: we must strengthen our relationship with America.
For our security, for our technology and for our trade and investment, they are and always will be indispensable.
And we will never choose between either side of the Atlantic—in fact, if anything, the past week has shown that that idea is totally unserious.
While some people may enjoy the simplicity of taking a side, this week has shown with total clarity that the US is vital in securing the peace we all want to see in Ukraine.
I welcome the opportunity for a new economic deal with the US, confirmed by the President last week, because it is an opportunity that I am determined to pursue.
I welcome the positive discussions that we had on European security, including his clear support for article 5 of NATO.
I welcome the understanding, from our dialogue, that our two nations will work together on security arrangements for a lasting peace in Ukraine.
I also welcome the President’s continued commitment to that peace, which nobody in this House should doubt for a second is sincere.
I now turn to the events of this weekend and the moving scenes that greeted President Zelensky as he arrived in London on Saturday.
I saw for myself that he was taken aback when the crowd in Whitehall cheered at the top of their voices.
They were speaking for the whole of our country—a reminder that this Government,  this House and this nation stand in unwavering support behind him and the people of Ukraine.
We resolved together to move forward the strong cause of a just and lasting peace in Ukraine.
Then on Sunday I hosted European leaders from across our continent, equally committed to this cause, including President Macron, Prime Minister Meloni, the leaders of NATO, of the European Commission and of the European Council, and the Prime Minister of Canada—a vital ally of this country, the Commonwealth and Ukraine, responsible for training over 40,000 Ukrainian troops.