We also need to strengthen the regulation of managing agents, including those such as FirstPort that, as is clear from the feeling in the House, are not performing the necessary services for their residents.
Welcome though the hundreds of millions of pounds extra for adult social care in the Budget were, can the Secretary of State confirm that the cost of rises in national insurance contributions and the minimum wage will run into the billions, and that local authorities will in fact be worse off than they were prior to the Budget in tackling social care?
Can she confirm that—yes or no?
That is exactly the reason that there was £3.7 billion of new money for adult social care in the Budget.
Eden Portland is an exciting proposal for my community and, much like the Eden Project in Cornwall and Morecambe, it would be a hub for education and ecology.
If delivered, it would boost investment and create well-paid jobs.
I know that Ministers agree that this could be a real success story, so will they meet me and the team at Eden Portland, alongside colleagues from the Department for Culture, Media and Sport and the council, to discuss how we can deliver this exciting project?
I welcome the exciting Eden Portland proposals and I enjoyed meeting my hon.
Friend to hear further from him.
It  is clear that it would be great for the area’s economic regeneration, for tourism in the region and for supporting greater understanding of biodiversity loss.
Colleagues at DCMS are working closely with the proposers and with officials in my Department, but I would be happy to involve myself in whatever way is useful.
The planning proposals for Laindon Road and Mountnessing Road in Billericay and for Noak Bridge were previously rejected because of the green belt aspect but are now being reconsidered under grey belt.
Will the Minister urgently meet me, the Billericay Action Group and some of the local councillors to look at the issues around where grey belt is perhaps not being used in the way the Government originally intended?
Local authorities can be clear about how grey belt should be used because we released planning policy guidance last week to give them a better sense of where it is appropriate to be released and be brought forward for development.
Far too many renters get a terrible deal, living in cold, mouldy substandard homes and being charged eye-watering rents by landlords.
I am proud of this Government’s Renters’ Rights Bill, but while legislation is welcome, too many are still paying extortionate prices for really shoddy properties.
Can the Secretary of State assure me that the Government are taking more steps to make renting affordable again?
I assure my hon.
Friend of that fact, and we are also succeeding where the previous Government failed, in that we are finally abolishing section 21 no-fault evictions.
The Renters’ Rights Bill will empower tenants to challenge unreasonable within-tenancy rent increases.
We also need to boost supply, which is why we set the hugely ambitious milestone, as part of our plan for change, of building 1.5 million safe and decent homes in this Parliament.
In the Lake district and the dales of Cumbria, average house prices are around 20 times average household incomes.
Will the Minister try to tackle this issue by  making sure that there is a specific and unappealable designation of social housing-only developments that national park authorities and local councils can enforce?
We want to see far greater use of rural exception sites in particular, and I am more than happy to sit down with the hon.
Gentleman—I think we have already planned to do so—to discuss short-term lets as well as this issue.
I have recently received a number of complaints from my constituents about leasehold managing agents.
These include unacceptably long delays for repairs—
Order.
It is totally unfair when a Member is speaking to block the vision of the Chair.