Will he update us on the steps that he and other allies are taking to ensure that Ukraine is at the negotiating table for any peace plan?
What does he think can be done to heal the rift with Washington?
As the Prime Minister referenced in his speech, the Minsk agreements of 2015 failed to stop Russian aggression and ultimately did not return Ukraine’s territorial integrity.
His second principle is that any lasting peace guarantees the sovereignty of Ukraine, so how will the Prime Minister work to ensure we avoid a repeat of the Minsk agreements?
How can we ensure that any peace fully protects Ukrainian sovereignty?
At times like these, it is so important that we stand together to defend shared values and the fundamental basic principle that aggressors should not win.
The Prime Minister will have our support to do that and to ensure that we continue to uphold the values that all of us in this Parliament hold dear.
I thank the Leader of the Opposition for her message and for our discussion this morning, and I thank her for her support for the measures that we are taking.
It matters across this House that we are united on this issue, It matters to the Ukrainians and to President Zelensky.
I can tell the right hon.
Lady that he was moved by the reception that he got in our country on Saturday, and I felt very proud to be British on Saturday when our country spoke with one voice.
The right hon.
Lady reflects that through the unity that has been shown from Members from across the House, and I thank for that.
The right hon.
Lady asks about the details of any deployment.
We will, of course, put details before the House when we get to that stage—if we get to that stage.
As I mentioned in our phone call this morning, I will ensure she gets whatever briefings she needs to be able to look at the detail before it is put before the House, so she is fully informed.
On the question of other allies, we had a long meeting yesterday with a number of allies.
My strong view is that we have to move forward and lead from the front, and therefore we need a coalition of the willing.
Otherwise, we will move at the speed of the most reluctant, which will be too slow.
A number of countries and allies indicated their support; they will set that out in due course.
I will not pretend that every country is in the same place on this issue.
That is why I and others took the view that we should take a leading position and move forward, but I will give further details as they become available.
On the question of the frozen assets, the proceeds—the profits—are being used in the way that the House understands, in accordance with the statement I have just made.
On using the assets themselves, it is a very complicated issue and not straightforward, but we need to do, and we are doing, more work to look at the possibilities, along with other countries, but I am not going to pretend that that is simple or straightforward.
On the sanctions, we introduced last week the heaviest sanctions that we have put in place, and the right hon.
Lady is quite right that they must not be lifted just because there is a cessation in the fighting.
They must be kept in place as a vital part of our armoury—something that did not happen with Minsk.
She is quite right to say that we have to avoid the mistakes of the past, which is why a security guarantee is so important—a guarantee that we should lead, but which needs US backing if it is to act as a proper guarantee.