Gentleman for his question.
Raising standards in the private rented sector could lift up to 550,000 people out of fuel poverty.
There are a number of schemes to support landlords to improve their properties, and they can look at their eligibility through gov.uk.
In particular, there are schemes such as the boiler upgrade scheme, which offers £7,500 off the cost of heat pumps.
We look forward to working in partnership with the sector, because we recognise that it is an important sector.
Some 13% of households in England—over 3 million people—are officially in fuel poverty.
Does the Minister agree that the last Conservative Government did not just fail to meet their housing targets, but left a legacy of high household bills?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the question.
We have inherited a massive challenge, and we are working at pace to tackle these issues, so that people can live safely and securely in their home and do not face such high costs.
I call the shadow Minister.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Buckinghamshire (Greg Smith)  has highlighted, simply putting people out of their homes is not a solution to fuel poverty.
Given that the figures very clearly show that the cost of the upgrades in many cases massively exceeds the financial benefit to either the tenant or the landlord, can the Minister give the House her personal assurance that this objective is realistic and achievable?
We recognise that it is important to get the balance right.
The Renters’ Rights Bill will put in place new regulations to protect tenants, and as I have said, there are schemes to support landlords who need support.
Investment in a property is an important part of ownership, and improvements can lead to increases in property value, and in the attractiveness of lets to tenants.
What steps she is taking to build more social housing.
What steps she is taking to build more social housing in Kent.
What steps she is taking to build more social housing.
The Government are committed to delivering the biggest increase in social and affordable house building in a generation.
In our first eight months in office, we have announced £800 million in new funding for the affordable homes programme.
This top-up will support the delivery of up to 7,800 new homes, with more than half being social rent homes.
We will set out details of new investment to succeed the 2021-to-2026 programme at the spending review.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his answer.
What measures will his Department consider to support councils that find themselves in viability negotiations with developers, who sometimes push down the quota of social homes and, indeed, affordable homes?
I am aware of several schemes in my hon.
Friend’s constituency that are having viability issues.
Financial support is indeed available.
While the £500 million of new in-year funding for the affordable homes programme announced at the Budget is already oversubscribed as a result of significant demand from housing providers across the country, the further allocation of £300 million, which we announced last month, will help ensure that more social and affordable homes are delivered.
In the case that my hon.
Friend describes, I would encourage both his local authority and local social housing providers to bid for that money.
I recently visited Aylesham village with Persimmon Homes in my constituency, and I was delighted to see the number of solar panels on roofs across the estate.
What are this Government doing to ensure that, for new builds, including social housing new builds, we deliver solar panels on every roof, high levels of insulation, and charging points on driveways?
The previous Government, to their credit, introduced changes to the building regulations that came into force in June 2022, and under those standards, new homes are being built with high-quality insulation and electric vehicle charging points.