If those buildings are in a Government scheme, any fire risk assessment will have been quality assured.
If they are in the developer contract, those schemes have been audited as well, which should give cover.
I would not want to speak about individual cases at the Dispatch Box.
We believe that the quality of those assessments must be sacrosanct and they must be done in good faith.
That is why, as part of our response to the Grenfell inquiry, we have made significant commitments on standards in this area.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
In a written ministerial statement on  21 November , the Government committed to taking steps to bring the feudal leasehold system to an end and to reinvigorate commonhold to make it the default tenure for new flats.
Today marks the first step in the transition, with the publication of the “Commonhold White Paper”, which sets out the Government’s proposal for how a reformed commonhold model will operate, based on the recommendations of the Law Commission.
The last Government’s disastrous changes to permitted development rights saw over 100,000 office and retail units converted into unsafe and unsuitable homes.
In Southampton, they have left people living with office wires still hanging from the ceiling.
Some have no windows, and others’ homes are no bigger than a car parking space.
I welcome the Government’s excellent progress on renters’ and leaseholders’ rights, but will my right hon.
Friend go further and confirm when permitted development rights will be reviewed, tighter regulations imposed and, where necessary, unsafe conversions banned?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise that issue.
We acknowledge that there has been criticism of some homes delivered through permitted development rights—particularly those that enabled commercial buildings such as offices and shops to change use to residential—and the Government are committed to keeping development rights under review.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Help to Buy helped 350,000 young first-time buyers and the stamp duty discount helped 640,000 first-time buyers get on the housing ladder with discounts of up to £11,000.
Both are now scrapped.
Is the Secretary of State pulling up the housing ladder behind her?
It is staggering that the shadow Secretary of State says that, given that so many people now cannot get housing because his Government failed to meet their housing targets.
We will have a mortgage guarantee scheme and we will build 1.5 million homes so that young people and other people can get the houses that they deserve.
I will try again.
The Government’s manifesto promised to preserve the green belt.
Then grey belt came along, which was supposed to be a few garage forecourts.
Now it turns out that grey belt will mean 640 square miles of green belt—the size of Surrey—are to be built on.
Is this simply another broken promise?
I will also try again.
Under the Tories, the number of homes approved on greenfield land increased nearly tenfold since 2009.
Labour will be strategic in grey belt release, and we will have a brownfield-first policy.
Many families in my constituency live in new housing estates where the developers have made their profits, sailed off into the sunset, and left the roads and services in an unacceptable state and unadopted.
What steps might the Government be able to take to push local authorities like Northumberland county council into action to accept their responsibilities and adopt those estates?
I well recognise the situation that my hon.
Friend describes, but I also recognise the reluctance of local authorities to take on substandard housing estates that have been built.
We have decided to consult this year on options to reduce the prevalence of private management of estates of the kind he describes.
We will also, importantly, implement new consumer protections for homeowners on private estates in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.