West Dorset desperately needs new housing that is actually affordable for local people, especially key workers and young families looking to  get on the housing ladder, but 70% of West Dorset falls within a protected national landscape, formerly an area of outstanding natural beauty.
Rigid housing targets could lead to inappropriate developments that undermine the character of this protected area.
What discussions has the Department had with local authorities in Dorset on adjusting housing targets to reflect the constraints of the national landscape and our rural infrastructure challenges?
Local authorities use the standard method to assess housing needs, but they can show evidence of any hard constraints in their areas, including protected landscapes.
Those will be assessed by the Planning Inspectorate to judge whether the plan is sound.
We are clear that local authorities should explore all options to deliver the homes that their communities need, including maximising the use of brownfield land, working with neighbouring authorities and, where appropriate, reviewing their green belt.
What steps she is taking to help people impacted by EWS1 fire safety certificates issued by Tri Fire.
If she will take steps to support residents impacted by market disruption due to incorrect building safety documentation.
The external wall system 1 form is a tool developed by mortgage lenders to inform valuation, and is not a fire safety certificate.
We are working very closely with the industry to encourage them to take a proportional approach to forms issued by Tri Fire.
Lenders who have signed the industry planning statement should accept alternative evidence as part of mortgage applications, but if an individual has concerns about the fire safety of their building, they should contact the person responsible for it.
I am grateful for that answer, but in an answer to a written parliamentary question last week the Minister suggested that if a leaseholder cannot use an EWS1 fire safety certificate to progress the sale and purchase of their home, they should use the fire risk assessment.
However, in many cases, including in my constituency, both the EWS1 form and the fire risk assessment are most likely invalid, if not fraudulent.
In those circumstances, what measures can be taken to prioritise fire risk assessments for those leaseholders?
What can be done to protect leaseholders from the additional costs of conducting another fire safety assessment after the one that they conducted in good faith?
If the building is in one of the Government-backed schemes, such as the cladding safety scheme, the fire risk assessment will have been quality assured by the Government, which will provide assurance.
If it is covered by the developer contract, it will have been audited by the Department, so that ought to give cover as well.
If neither of those things is the case, I am more  than happy to talk to the hon.
Lady about how to give residents surety so that they can evidence to lenders that their building is safe.
Hon.
Members across the House have raised concerns about the now-expelled fire safety engineer Adam Kiziak, following investigations into alleged signature fraud, including in my constituency of Surrey Heath.
From what I understand, a second fire engineer, Adair Lewis, has now disowned a further 20 Tri Fire EWS1 forms that he alleges falsely bear his signature.
Will the Secretary of State join me in requesting an urgent police investigation into these fraud allegations?
Does she agree that her Department must urgently reassess buildings that have been surveyed by Tri Fire to protect residents from further uncertainty and market disruption?
I stress that the EWS1 form is an industry form rather than a fire safety one.
If those buildings are in a Government scheme, any fire risk assessment will have been quality assured.
If they are in the developer contract, those schemes have been audited as well, which should give cover.
I would not want to speak about individual cases at the Dispatch Box.