President Trump’s attack on the brave and dignified President Zelensky left everyone shocked and appalled—except, it seems,  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) .
Nobody else watching those scenes could fail to understand that we have entered a new era—one in which the United States prefers to align itself with tyrants like Putin, rather than its democratic partners.
On these Benches, we have supported the Prime Minister’s actions and leadership—Britain leading the world, as we have so many times in the past, bringing together Europe and Canada in London to work towards a just peace that guarantees Ukraine’s sovereignty and security—but we need to reduce our dependency on the  United States.
With deep regret, I fear that President Trump is not a reliable ally in respect of Russia.
In that regard, did the Prime Minister discuss with our European allies our proposals for a new rearmament bank and for seizing the tens of billions of pounds-worth of Russian assets to support Ukraine?
In his conversations with the Canadian Prime Minister, was he clear that we stand with our Commonwealth ally in the face of President Trump’s threats?
Many of us were confused by Lord Mandelson’s comments yesterday, so can the Prime Minister confirm that they do not represent Government policy?
Does he agree that the British ambassador should not be freelancing on American TV?
The Prime Minister will have our support if the UK continues to lead with our European and Commonwealth allies for Ukraine’s defence and our collective security.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his questions.
He talked about the scene on Friday afternoon—nobody wants to see that.
My response was to recognise the urgency of the need to repair the breach, which is why I spoke to President Trump and President Zelensky on Friday night, and again on Saturday night.
I am continuing in that work, because for me, the single most important thing is lasting peace in Europe and Ukraine.
Nothing is going to deter me from that or cause me to lose my focus on it.
On the dependency on the US, I do not agree with the right hon.
Gentleman.
The US and the UK have the closest of relationships; our defence, security and intelligence are completely intertwined.
No two countries are as close as our two countries, and at a time like this, it would be a huge mistake to suggest that any weakening of that link is the way forward for security and defence in Europe.
On the question of a rearmament bank, yes, I do think we should continue discussions with others as to what the possibilities could be.
That formed some of the discussion yesterday with our allies.
On assets, again, the right hon.
Gentleman knows that the situation is complicated, but there are ongoing discussions.
I spoke at length with the Canadian Prime Minister yesterday, because we had a bilateral meeting as well as the meeting with other colleagues.
In that meeting, I was able to assure him of our strong support for Canada, which is a close ally of ours and a strong supporter of Ukraine.
Canada has led the way on the training that has been so vital to Ukraine, so it was very welcome at the table yesterday.
In relation to the ambassador’s comments, the plan is clear.
We are working, particularly with the French— I had extensive conversations with President Macron over the past week and intensively over the weekend—and talking to Ukraine as well.
Those conversations are going on at the moment, and the intention is to then have discussions with the United States in relation to that plan.
As soon as the details are available, I will share them with the House, but they are still being worked on at the moment.