We are working, particularly with the French— I had extensive conversations with President Macron over the past week and intensively over the weekend—and talking to Ukraine as well.
Those conversations are going on at the moment, and the intention is to then have discussions with the United States in relation to that plan.
As soon as the details are available, I will share them with the House, but they are still being worked on at the moment.
There is no guarantee of success, but I am not going to let up until we have done everything we can to ensure peace in Europe and peace for Ukraine.
I call the Chair of the Defence Committee.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s statement, the warmth of his welcome and hugs for President Zelensky, and his show of leadership on defence and security matters in our continent as he hosted his Sunday summit of leaders in London.
Can my right hon.
and learned Friend assure the House that in our pursuit of a just, lasting peace, he will do his level best to convince President Trump to provide security guarantees for Ukraine, and to convince those NATO allies that are not spending 2% of GDP on defence to step up to the plate and do much more?
First, I am of course talking to President Trump about security guarantees—that formed a large part of our discussion on Thursday and our subsequent discussions.
I think it is right that Europe does the forward leaning on this.
We have to do more on security guarantees, but those guarantees need a US backing, and that is the very discussion that I am having.
On the question of spending, across Europe in this era, we now have to step up on capability, co-ordination and spending.
That did form part of our discussions yesterday.
I find myself in the strange and rather uncomfortable position of very much agreeing with the Prime Minister on everything he has said today.
While I often take great delight in criticism of the Government, the Prime Minister did not really put a foot wrong this weekend.
However, he does need to go further.
The small increase in defence spending that he announced was welcome, but fundamentally, we need a gear shift on this.
I echo the point made by my right hon.
Friend the Leader of the Opposition that when—and it will be when, not if—he has to make some really difficult decisions about balancing defence spending against domestic expenditure, we will not try to play politics.
We will support him, because we need to send a message now to our friends in Ukraine and to potential aggressors around the world that we take our defence, the defence of our values, and the defence of our friends seriously.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for the unity across the House, and he is absolutely right.
It sends a message to those who want to challenge our values when they see this House united, whether on Ukraine or defence spending.
We have to face this era with confidence and with unity across this House, wherever we can.
It has been good to have him agreeing with me—we should do this more often.
First, I thank the Prime Minister for the leadership he has shown in pulling together all our allies yesterday in London and for acknowledging the bravery and sacrifice of the people of Ukraine.
I was in Ukraine last week.
I met the mayor of Kharkiv, a frontline city of 2 million people undergoing daily attacks and blackouts from Russian forces.
He told me that a power project funded by the United States Agency for International Development had been cancelled at short notice.
It would have generated 11.2 MW, shoring up their energy pipeline.
Where others   have stepped back, will we step forward and support such projects, using either Russian assets or our own aid budget?
Power supply is hugely important in Ukraine.