Our desire, as has been expressed from the Dispatch Box, is for a very high standards regime, and I look forward to working with Opposition Members in service of that shared goal.
What steps she is taking to support councils with town centre regeneration projects.
We all want to see our town centres thrive, and it is one of those things that constituents raise with all of us.
That is why we are delighted that at the Budget, the Chancellor confirmed that the long-term plan will be retained and reformed.
The plan is working with 75 towns across the UK, providing each with £20 million to support their  regeneration.
Of course, this comes on top of the innovation of high-street rental auctions, and the forthcoming community right to buy.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
I am proud to have half of Morden town centre in my constituency.
Morden is an area ripe for rejuvenation.
It has fantastic transport links, but like many town centres across the country, it is struggling.
As one Labour councillor recently noted in the council chamber, despite years of promising to regenerate Morden, Labour-run Merton council has failed to deliver.
Just last week, it again put off doing anything—this time until at least 2027.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss why the council has failed to begin rejuvenation over the last 30 years, and to discuss what support the Government can  now give?
I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s invitation, which, of course, I will take up.
The experience that he talks about is not uncommon in the rest of the country; certainly, over the last 14 years, there has been very little progress.
I know that Merton council, for example, is investing some £300,000 in brightening and refreshing Morden town centre, but I know the council, like the hon.
Gentleman, wants to see more done.
I will be happy to sit down to talk to him about that.
I warmly welcome today’s announcement of £20 million in community regeneration partnership money for Rochdale.
This money will further revitalise our town centre and the area around our train station, as well as expanding our brilliant Hopwood Hall college.
Does this prove what can happen when we have a Labour Government working with a Labour council and a Labour MP to revive an area?
It absolutely does.
My hon.
Friend has been dogged, almost to the point of—well, I will not say to what point—on securing money for Rochdale.
I know this money will make a real difference.
Despite this being yet another thing that was not funded by the previous Government, we are delighted to have been able to secure this funding, which I know will have a great impact.
I look forward to visiting.
Whether her Department is taking steps to ensure housing targets account for protected landscapes.
The Government are committed to maintaining strong protections for our protected landscapes.
We are clear that the scale and extent of development within such designated areas should be limited, so that we are able to pass on their attractions and important biodiversity to future generations.
National planning policy is clear that significant development within a national landscape should be refused, other than in exceptional circumstances where it can be demonstrated that the development is in the public interest.
West Dorset desperately needs new housing that is actually affordable for local people, especially key workers and young families looking to  get on the housing ladder, but 70% of West Dorset falls within a protected national landscape, formerly an area of outstanding natural beauty.
Rigid housing targets could lead to inappropriate developments that undermine the character of this protected area.
What discussions has the Department had with local authorities in Dorset on adjusting housing targets to reflect the constraints of the national landscape and our rural infrastructure challenges?