Friend is absolutely right, and we continue to do that.
We need to bear down on Russia and all those who support Russia in this illegal war.
We welcome the increase in defence spending, but when I served there were more than 100,000 troops and today there are just over 74,000.
It is essential that we reverse the Conservatives’ irresponsible 10,000 troops cut.
Will the Prime Minister commit to reversing this devastating cut so that the UK can credibly support collective European security in the absence of US support?
We will be undertaking a strategic review of our capability, gauging it against our challenge, and, obviously, I will put the results before the House in due course.
I would just caution against the suggestion in the second part of the hon.
Lady’s question—if I have got it right—that somehow we should take this as a moment to go it alone without the US.
I fundamentally disagree; I think that would be wrong.
We have never chosen that course in our history, and we should not choose it now.
I thank the Prime Minister for today’s statement, and for his diplomatic efforts to restore our international reputation since taking office.
Will my right hon.
Friend confirm the basic principle that no decision can be made about the future of Ukraine without including its elected leadership in the negotiations, and that any ceasefire must be adhered to by Russian aggressors and not just the Ukrainians?
I agree on both propositions.
Ukraine needs to be at the table.
There have to be security guarantees, because we know from history that Putin does not honour agreements that do not have security guarantees.
That is precisely why we need one.
I echo the thanks to the Prime Minister for his leadership over recent days.
He has definitely spoken for Britain when he has spoken on the world stage.
May I ask him to join me in thanking the parliamentary staffers who, while he was doing that, were driving aid to Ukraine?
Quite rightly, the Prime Minister has brought together a coalition of European and NATO partners.
Is he working on those further afield?
As he knows very well,  Australia has already donated Bushmasters, and many are concerned about Iran’s support for the Russians through its Shahed drone programme.
Is he reaching out to our middle eastern allies as well?
I thank the parliamentary staffers who have done such significant and important work.
On the right hon.
Gentleman’s important question about reaching out beyond Europe, I agree with him and we are doing that.
This needs to be as broad a coalition as we can put together, with different capabilities.
Each country should make whichever contribution is the most significant from its point of view, and I thank him for his support over the weekend.
The Prime Minister deserves plaudits for the skilful way in which he handled his visit to Washington last week, as he does for the resolve that he has shown in standing against Russia’s illegal invasion of the sovereign state of Ukraine.
Surely, though, this is a moment to accept that the post-war international settlement has now been fractured and that the necessary rise in defence spending should be achieved by changing the fiscal rules, not by cuts to international aid, which will only see more people slain by famine, drought, disaster and war.
The reason why we will not change the fiscal rules is that we need economic stability.
We experienced economic instability only a few years ago, under Liz Truss.
The loss to our aid budget and all budgets would be far more profound if we go back to instability, and I am not prepared to do it.
It may be a great irony that a remainer Prime Minister used our Brexit freedoms as effectively as he did yesterday.
Indeed, as No.