We have also made clear through the national planning policy framework that we expect local authorities to take into account the types of tenure and homes that they need for their local areas, and local plans are the primary way that different types of housing for different demographic demographics should be brought forward.
What recent discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for Transport on the Penistone line project.
Our Department is in regular dialogue with the Department for Transport and with regional mayors on how best to support local transport infrastructure investment, including the Penistone line project.
With our decision to finally grasp the nettle and support a mass transit system, this Government are now providing unprecedented levels of investment for the region.
The Penistone line connects Kirklees, Barnsley and Sheffield.
Single-track sections constrain capacity and present reliability issues.
On the day that the previous Conservative Government announced that Network North money would be spent on potholes in London, three out of six services running over a four-hour period were cancelled on the Penistone line.
Does the Minister agree that the proposed improvements will boost connectivity, economic growth, education and healthcare?
Will the Minister meet me and my colleagues to discuss advancing this project?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising these important points.
I totally agree with him that improved connectivity is essential for places to thrive, and that is a point that Mayor Tracy Brabin makes to me frequently.
I can happily say that the case for West Yorkshire is heard loud and clear.
I would of course be happy to hold such a meeting.
What her plans are for levelling-up projects.
Despite the difficult fiscal context, at the autumn Budget we provided stability for legacy levelling-up projects—now called local growth funding—prioritising expenditure on the programmes that most directly support the five missions that this Government were elected on.
The Government will set out our long-term vision for local growth at the upcoming spending review.
The provisional local government finance settlement for 2025-26 introduces changes to the previous methodology for the then levelling-up funding for categorising areas of priority need.
The Rural Services Network has highlighted concerns and disparities that shift funding away from rural and coastal communities to urban areas.
Can the Minister assure the House that any new funding formula will adequately address the unique challenges of rural and coastal communities?
Will he commit to publishing the criteria by which future levelling-up funding decisions will be made?
We have been clear that for local growth funding we want to move away from the old model of competitive funding pots and beauty parades, which was short-term and based on central criteria.
I can assure the hon.
Lady that the model that people get from this Government will be longer term, will be allocative, will have more flexibility and will have more local leadership, and it will of course be targeted at those communities that need it the most.
May I first thank the Secretary of State for visiting Preston last week to attend this year’s convention of the north?
It was a fantastic event and reinvigorated the case for northern investment to be a key determinant in Government decisions.
In that vein, can the Minister outline what conversations are being held with departmental colleagues to ensure that the opportunity of investing in the north is fully realised and understood?
I know that my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State enjoyed her visit.
Our Ministry is clear that although we have a crucial role to play in devolution, it is a whole-Government venture.
We are having frequent conversations with colleagues about how to crowd-in the important policy interventions they are making, to ensure that our communities across the country have the tools and resources they need to shape their place.
What steps she is taking to help tackle increases in leaseholders’ costs.