The loss to our aid budget and all budgets would be far more profound if we go back to instability, and I am not prepared to do it.
It may be a great irony that a remainer Prime Minister used our Brexit freedoms as effectively as he did yesterday.
Indeed, as No.
10 briefed, we are now in a unique position compared with the rest of Europe, and yesterday was a triumph.
I also applaud him for saying such positive words about President Trump and our relationship with America, even if nobody behind him agrees.
But here is the key: President Zelensky has now accepted that he will sign the minerals agreement with America.
America is going to put in £100 billion or whatever it is, and thousands of Americans will be in Ukraine.
Is that, in itself, enough of a security guarantee, or does it mean that we need to send British troops?
If we do, and given the size of our Army, how many?
The mineral deal is not enough on its own.
May I just remind the hon.
Gentleman that Russia is the aggressor and Zelensky is a war leader whose country has been invaded?
We should all be supporting him and not fawning over Putin.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s statement, and I congratulate him on the excellent leadership that he has shown on the international stage.
Does he agree that in order to achieve any lasting peace in Ukraine, Russia must return the 19,546 children it has stolen from Ukraine?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue, because it is absolutely crucial.
It is a moral outrage that those children have been taken, and of course we must ensure their safe return.
That has to be part of any discussion, but she is quite right to raise it.
We should do so more often.
The Leader of the Opposition has quite rightly and properly shown her support for the Prime Minister’s position, and I hope he will take comfort from the fact that he has the support of at least these Back Benches as well.
Those of us who have had dealings with the Russians—in my case that is through the Council of Europe—know only too well that Putin’s Administration cannot be trusted, and that security guarantees are therefore absolutely vital if we are to succeed in getting a peace agreement, not a surrender.
A surrender would lead to inevitable further activities in Georgia and Moldova, and then possibly in the Baltic states as well.
Is that not right?