] dedication to ``journalistic integrity'' continued to inspire us all. Alvin Benn is the recipient of many awards and recognitions, including the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Alabama Press Association, the Communications Award from the Alabama Farmers Association, and the Distinguished Alabama Community Journalist award from the Auburn University Department of Journalism. Alvin Benn was a proud member of the Mishkan Israel Congregation in our hometown of Selma, Alabama, and the Temple Beth Or in Montgomery, Alabama. Alvin Benn is preceded in death by his wife of almost 60 years, Sharon Ann Boumel Benn. He is survived by their two children, Danielle Waters and Eric Benn; four grandchildren, Benjamin Waters, Scott Waters, Alexandria Benn, and Ilan Benn; son-in-law, Curtis Waters and daughter-in-law, Maria Benn; and a host of family and friends. On a personal note, I grew up right down the street from the Benn family. In fact, his son, Eric, was my siblings' best friend and my third little brother. Everywhere Andrew and Anthony went, Eric went too. They are best friends and truly brothers. The Sewells are blessed to have grown up with the Benns, and we remain good friends and family for a lifetime. Mr. Benn was an amazing journalist with a special talent for crafting his words into storytelling. He wrote the first article about my scholarship to Princeton University and subsequently, wrote about every major event in my life's journey, from joining the rowing crew at Oxford to getting elected Alabama's First Black Congresswoman. If anything happened in Selma or the Black Belt, Mr. Benn knew about it and reported on it. Spanning a career of decades, Mr. Benn told the history of Alabama's Black Belt--the events, the characters, and all the happenings. What a gift his writings will leave in the annuals of Alabama's history. His legacy will live on through the mini-stories and all the lives that he touched. Rest in peace and power. On behalf of Alabama's 7th Congressional District, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the extraordinary life and legacy