But given that energy is a reserved matter, what more can he do to bring new nuclear development to Scotland?
I join the right hon.
Gentleman in his tribute to Peter MacMahon as he steps down as the political editor of ITV in the Borders region.
He and I share something closely: we both have good faces for radio, but it is always nice to appear with Peter MacMahon on television.
This Government are committed to clean power by 2030, and of course, nuclear is part of that mix.
The Secretary of State will recognise that the rise in national insurance contributions will have a clear impact on economic growth, whether in Scotland or anywhere else in this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Representatives from the food sector tell me that food prices will increase by between 15% and 20%.
That will impact the ordinary man and woman in the street.
What impact does the Minister think the rise in national insurance contributions will have on economic growth?
Economic growth is the No.
1 mission of this Government, as the hon.
Gentleman knows.
When the Chancellor came to the Dispatch Box to deliver her Budget, she started on minus £22 billion—that black hole left for us by the previous Government.
We chose investment over decline and we chose to end austerity, so tough decisions had to be made.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Secretary of State has said before and he has said again today that one of his top priorities for the Scotland Office is growth.
To grow, the Government need confidence from business.
Let us see how that is going: the verdict from Scottish business to his Government’s Budget is in.
Offshore Energies UK said that
“this is a difficult day for the sector.”
The Scottish Hospitality Group has said:
“Today’s announcements are a blow to businesses across the country”.
The Scotch Whisky Association said that the increase in spirits duty is a “hammer blow”.
The National Farmers Union Scotland has said that the decisions will cause “huge difficulties” and act as a barrier to those wanting to get into farming.
Given those responses, if not from retail, oil and gas, hospitality, food and drink or financial services, from which sector does he think this mythical growth will come?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman to his place as the new shadow Secretary of State for Scotland and as a shadow Energy Minister—he has something in common with  the right hon.
Member for Aberdeen South (Stephen Flynn) , the leader of the SNP in this House, who also aspires to have two jobs.
Unlike  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , I have actually run my own business, so I know that running a business needs stability, credibility and confidence.
The previous Government crashed the economy, leaving it in tatters, and left business confidence at a record low.
We are investing for the future, and businesses back that.
I would take the right hon.
Gentleman’s responses more seriously if we did not all see, and indeed have just heard, how damaging his Government’s actions are for the Scottish economy—national insurance increases and punitive tax rises on our most successful industries, putting at risk the future of family farms and the rural economy.
As Secretary of State, he would rather make performative gestures such as refusing to cross a picket line outside his Department than meet Scotland’s business leaders.
As people, local authorities and businesses await the Scottish Government’s budget later today, does he agree that when it comes to economic incompetence, Scotland really does have, in his Government and in the proven ineptitude of the SNP, the very worst of all worlds?
I will be corrected if I am wrong, but I think the hon.
Gentleman backed former Prime Minister Liz Truss, who, when she was Prime Minister, crashed the economy and left a £22 billion black hole—[Interruption.]