In England this Labour Government have already delivered lower business rates for leisure, hospitality and retail businesses, which can help high streets, and I am sure that every Scottish MP wants to see that policy replicated in Scotland.
As we are discussing brilliant towns, it is timely to mention brilliant retail workers too, especially at this time of year.
I am supporting the Christmas campaign organised by the Scottish Retail Consortium and the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers to encourage everyone to respect our shop workers at this particularly busy time of year.
For far too long Ullapool, in my constituency, did not have a post office, which caused great inconvenience to local people.
Recently, however, Tesco stepped into the breach, and we now have a highly successful post office in a branch in the middle of Ullapool.
May I recommend this approach to regenerating town centres to the Ministers?
We are delighted to receive representations of all kinds on how to improve our town centres.
We know that they have suffered neglect for far too long.
I hope that all Scottish MPs will have been lobbying for the kind of support for our leisure, hospitality and retail sector that this Government have already given south of the border.
What steps he is taking to improve transport connectivity between Scotland and England.
May I first pay tribute to the hon.
Gentleman, my predecessor?
I know that he will continue to represent his constituents assiduously from the Back Benches.
Both the Secretary of State and I will be working closely with the Department for Transport and the Scottish Government to ensure that cross-border connectivity remains a top priority for this Government.
Extending the Borders railway line to Hawick and Newcastleton and then on to Carlisle will boost jobs, help the local economy and improve social mobility.
The funding for the feasibility study was agreed by the last Conservative Government with the SNP Administration in Edinburgh, but the new Labour Government seem to have pushed this into the railway sidings.
Will the Minister ensure that the funding for the feasibility study is released as soon as possible?
The UK Government are fully committed to the Borderlands growth deal.
It will deliver economic growth for the south of Scotland and beyond, which is one of our key missions.
The Scotland Office continues to work with the Department for Transport, the Scottish Government and Borderlands partners on the next stage of business case development for the Tweedbank-Carlisle corridor, and on feasibility options for the extension of the Borders railway line.
Unfortunately, it is ultimately up to Transport Scotland and the Scottish Government to follow through on the delivery of this important project.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
May I echo the Minister’s words about her predecessor—and indeed my own predecessor as shadow Secretary of State—and the work that he has done?
One of the last Government’s decisions of which I am most proud was the halving of air passenger duty, which led to cheaper flights and increased routes across the UK.
However, with airlines already cutting back on routes as a result of this Government’s decision to hike APD, people who do not live within a few hours of London on the train, such as those in Aberdeen, face higher fares and fewer options for travel.
How can the Government credibly claim to support better transport connectivity across the United Kingdom when those living outside the central belt—I know that Labour Members need to be reminded that it exists—are being punished?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, we face a climate emergency and, indeed, an economic emergency of his Government’s own making.
We were faced in our first few months in government with a £22 billion black hole, with Treasury reserves spent three times over.
We have taken tough choices to try to deal with the economic inheritance that we received.