He built a real business employing young people, unlike this Cabinet of trade union stooges, CV embellishers and an actual fraudster.
None of them has ever run a business.
Why will the Prime Minister not listen to businesses who are saying his Budget is catastrophic?
I thought the scripted jokes were over, but we had another one and then lectures about the economy from the Conservative party that broke the economy, sent mortgages through the roof and left a £22 billion black hole.
The right hon.
Lady talks about national insurance.
She complains about the rise in national insurance week after week, but then two weeks ago she said that she would not reverse it.
She signed trade deals that had farmers protesting in Whitehall, but now she pretends that she is their champion.
She campaigned to remove the cap on migrant worker visas, but now she pretends she is furious about the open borders policy of the last Government.
The fact is that the Prime Minister has discarded his own Labour leadership promises: he has dropped the five missions he said would define his Government; he has ditched his pledge to make Britain the fastest-growing economy in the G7—we left office with the UK as the fastest-growing economy in the G7—and business is saying he has damaged the economy with his Budget.
Tomorrow he is going to have an emergency reset, just five months into his premiership, but why should anyone believe a word he says?
The only relaunch on the Conservative Benches is the leadership bids of the right hon.
Lady’s rivals.
She obviously has not read the OECD report published this morning: the fastest growth in the next two years of any major economy in Europe—we are proud of that.
Opposition Members should never be allowed to forget the damage they did to our country.
They used Britain like some sort of mad scientist’s experiment: open borders, unfunded tax cuts, a neglected health service.
And now all the madness is still coming out, but they say they should be back in office.
They have not listened, they have not learned, and they certainly have not changed.
There is only one party that is driving this country forward, and that is this Labour Government.
Today it is Question 3 but, who knows, next week I could be No.
1 in the charts, as the first MP this year to bring out a Christmas single.
Will the Prime Minister join me in thanking my musical collaborator, the hugely talented Mal Pope, and everyone involved with this year’s “Everyone Deserves” hamper campaign, which will deliver festive food to 1,500 homes across five constituencies in south Wales?
Like our song says, “There’s a reason for the season and everyone deserves a Christmas.”
I thank my hon.
Friend for her Christmas single; there is obviously going to be some rivalry in the race for No.
1 by Christmas—I will not be joining that particular race.
I thank her and Mal Pope for their campaigning.
I remember joining her a few summers ago in the work involving the hampers, which are much needed by her constituents.
I know how much it means to them.
Christmas is a time to think of others, and I pay tribute to her and all those supporting those in need.
This Government will always support the most vulnerable in our society.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
I, for one, will be downloading the song by  the hon.
Member for Neath and Swansea East (Carolyn Harris) , and I join the Prime Minister in his delight about it.
I also join him in support for Mandy Damari, and our joint hope that we will see Emily and other hostages released as soon as possible.
The Prime Minister has rightly spoken about the need to restore and rebuild the public’s trust in British politics.