Does my right hon.
Friend agree that next week’s meeting scheduled with the campaign groups representing the victims must represent the start of those infected and affected being involved in a process that they fought so hard for, and for so long, and that too many died and failed to see?
We are committed to acting on the findings of the infected blood inquiry, and ensuring swift resolution and compensating in full.
That is why we announced £11.8 billion to compensate those who waited far too long for justice.
I will happily make sure that my hon.
Friend gets a meeting with the Paymaster General to discuss the issues that he has raised.
Every day, pensioners in my Leicester South constituency are emailing me with one word: “frightened.”
Susan, who has pulmonary fibrosis, wrote:
“During winter I rarely go out as it’s too cold for my lungs.
I need to keep warm and the heating on.
The winter fuel payment was really helpful.
I want MPs to know not all pensioners are millionaires (or receive gifts from millionaires), nor do we all get the higher rate of pension”.
Susan is frightened that she will not be able to keep her house warm this winter, and she is not alone.
Does the Prime Minister realise how frightening it is for the 8,100 pensioners in my constituency who have lost their winter fuel payment?
As the winter months start to bite, will he come to Leicester to explain to Susan why he thinks this policy is not frightening?
As the hon.
Member knows, the No.
1 job of this Government was to get our finances back in order after the mess that the last Government made, including leaving a £22 billion black hole.
We had to make tough choices.
The Opposition say that they want the benefits, but cannot say how they are going to pay for them.
We want to make sure that the most vulnerable pensioners get the pension credit that they are entitled to.
We are driving that up, and because we are stabilising the economy we can commit to the triple lock.
That means a £460 uplift in the pension next year, so every pensioner will be better off under a Labour Government.
The Middlewich eastern bypass will support the delivery of nearly 2,000 new homes, 6,500 jobs and 1.5 million square feet of employment land.
The previous Government, having first promised to fund it, dragged their feet, putting jobs and investment at risk.
We are approaching the season of good will, so can the Prime Minister give my constituents an early Christmas present and offer some certainty about this vital infrastructure project?
We are committed to supporting drivers across the country, including by freezing fuel duty and investing £1.6 billion to maintain our roads.
That is £500 million more than in the previous year.
I know that my hon.
Friend’s constituents have waited years for certainty on this scheme.
The project is currently going through a Government assessment process, and I will make sure that he gets a meeting with the roads Minister to discuss it.
The major GP practice groups in my constituency have written to me, detailing their precarious finances.
They are considering their options as they plan for the year ahead, including redundancies, handing back their contracts or bankruptcy, and they have stopped recruiting GPs, resulting in fewer patient appointments.
The Health Secretary has promised an increased funding allocation but has yet to say when we will know how much it will be.
Will the Prime Minister release the funding information and meet me and the GPs to hear at first hand about the pressures they are facing?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise this.