The SNP Government are doing the right thing by Scottish pensioners.
Will he join me in urging the Labour Government here in Westminster to do the right thing by pensioners in England and Wales and give them back their winter fuel allowance as well?
What the hon.
Gentleman has just proved is that the winter fuel payment in Scotland is actually devolved.
One of the consequences of the Budget was to remove £5 million of regeneration funding for Perth city centre.
We got practically nothing from the levelling-up fund, save for that paltry £5 million, which the Secretary of State is taking away.
Just what is it that the UK Government have against the city of Perth?
No projects have been cancelled.
The Perth deal is under consideration by the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government and the Treasury.
It has not been cancelled; it has merely been paused.
The hon.
Gentleman should speak to his colleagues in the Scottish Government, who have £4.9 billion extra in Barnett consequentials to spend today.
Perhaps he could even have a chat with some of his colleagues sitting next to him, who seem happier in Holyrood than they are here.
What discussions he has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the potential impact of proposed changes to employer national insurance contributions on hospices in Scotland.
I know there is consensus right across this House on the enormous value of the hospice sector and the extraordinary work that it does—work that, sadly, has been undervalued for far too long.
Support for additional employer national insurance contributions will be allocated to Departments, with the Barnett formula applying in the usual way for the devolved Governments.
The rise does not begin until April, and we will set out further details on the allocation of funding in due course.
There are 45 hospices in Scotland—I cannot be certain of that figure, because so many of them are in dire financial circumstances.
I think of Roxburghe House in Aberdeen, which provides services to my constituents and those of other MPs in this Chamber.
Another organisation that provides vital hospice care is the Marie Curie charity, which provides services in Edinburgh and Glasgow.
It also provides hospice-at-home care.
The charity is facing a bill close to £3 million as a  result of decisions made by this Government.
What does the Minister have to say about the help that can be provided to Marie Curie and other organisations?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the pressures on hospice funding long predate the Budget and relate to the decline in real-terms funding from the Scottish Government.
I note that nearly 5,000 members of the public have written to the Scottish Government recently to support calls from the Scottish hospice leadership for fair funding.
Those calls might be answered this afternoon when the SNP Government will have an extra £5 billion to spend.
This was secured by Scottish Labour MPs but voted against by SNP MPs.
It will be spent this afternoon by SNP Ministers.
Make it make sense!
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 4 December.
Order.
What are those two Members playing at?
That is absolutely disgraceful.
We have started PMQs.
Either come in early or at least wait.
Please start reading the room.
It is a pleasure to welcome His Highness the Amir of the state of Qatar to the UK.
I look forward to discussions this afternoon on how we are strengthening our relationship and boosting trade and investment, including an announcement today of a £1 billion investment in our new clean energy partnership.
Sunday marked World Aids Day, and we stand with all those we have lost and those living with HIV today.
We will seek to end new cases of HIV in England by 2030.