Since 1921, the Royal British Legion Scotland has supported veterans and their families through education, remembrance and direct support.
This weekend,  in my constituency in Keighley, the town council and community groups are unveiling a memorial to the fallen of the first world war, with a time capsule placed under the cenotaph to be opened in 100 years.
Does the Minister agree that events such as these, which bring together the whole community, are of vital importance for our veterans—not only in Keighley, but in Scotland and across the wider United Kingdom?
I join the hon.
Gentleman in paying tribute to the volunteers who often run these events.
I also draw the House’s attention to the work of the War Memorials Trust, which is one of the many unsung organisations that do incredible work across this country to maintain war memorials so that we all may remember.
Across this House, we have many veterans and those who have served; I pay tribute to them all, and in particular to the 13 Members on the Government Benches who are veterans or reservists.
Last week, I had the honour of attending the steel-cutting ceremony of HMS Sheffield at BAE Govan in my constituency, adding to a long list in the tradition of building high-quality defence industry vessels on the Clyde.
What assurances can the Minister give me that defence procurement and skills will continue to be developed on the Clyde?
I can give my hon.
Friend the firmest of assurances that we will continue to prioritise shipbuilding on the Clyde, and indeed defence jobs across Scotland.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help improve living standards in Scotland.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help improve living standards in Scotland.
Our economic growth mission will raise living standards in Scotland.
Our new deal for working people will disproportionately benefit Scots.
New protections such as guaranteed hours will help shift workers with up to £600 a year.
We are also delivering an annual pay rise of £1,400 for hundreds of thousands of full-time workers in Scotland, and we have committed to the triple lock, which means an extra £470 for pensioners next year.
Last week, we paid the first instalment to 7,000 former Scottish miners with their full pension.
We will improve living standards through better public services and pay driven by economic growth.
Does the Secretary of State agree that community benefit funds from wind farms contribute to improving living standards for communities?
Will he join me in praising the work of the nine community council groups in Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock as a model of the fair distribution of funds to support local apprenticeships and improve living standards across the Cumnock and Doon Valley areas?
I congratulate not only the nine community councils in my hon.
Friend’s area on their initiative, but community councils up and down the country that do so much work on our behalf to ensure that the community benefit fund, derived from local wind farms, makes a tangible difference to local people.
I congratulate her on standing up consistently for her community.
Our mission is to become a clean energy superpower by 2030, and our communities will be at the heart of that.
Communities must benefit from hosting national infrastructure for clean power.
That is why right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero is developing guidance on community benefits, which will be published in due course.
Some 100,000 Scots are on zero-hours contracts, with no guarantee of secure hours.
Labour’s Employment Rights Bill will address that.
Does the Secretary of State agree that 100,000 Scots being in insecure work is a damning indictment of the state the Tories left our economy in and shows that we need a new direction in Holyrood?
Mr Speaker, you will not be surprised to hear that I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend. [
Interruption.]
Absolutely shocked!