Friend. [
Interruption.]
Absolutely shocked!
The Government inherited not just a fiscal crisis from the previous Government, but an industrial one too.
We need more high-quality jobs in Scotland.
Between our industrial strategy, our plan to get Scotland working and the employment rights legislation, we will help to deliver that.
Do not forget that the SNP Government said that zero-hours contracts were a “positive destination” for work.
Our plans to make work pay will have a bigger positive benefit in Scotland than in the rest of the UK.
That is the difference in having Scottish Labour MPs on the Government Benches.
I join the Secretary of State for Scotland in welcoming the shadow Secretary of State for Scotland to his place.
I congratulate him on his appointment.
It does make it difficult sometimes to tell the two of them apart, that being said, especially on days like today.
Today, the Scottish Government will continue to protect the most vulnerable in society from the excesses of Westminster cuts.
Instead of Tory cuts, it will be Labour cuts to winter fuel payments.
Does the Secretary of State agree with the cut to the winter fuel allowance?
Mr Speaker, I am sorry for such a short response to the hon.
Gentleman, but there are 4.9 billion reasons why that question is rubbish.
I have to say I am not surprised.
There is huge confusion in the Labour party about the winter fuel allowance.
The Scottish Government are doing something about it; the UK Government are not.
The Secretary of State did not even know the number of pensioners who would be affected by the winter fuel cut.
Labour is now distancing itself from Labour.
Vote Labour to stop Labour—is that the message his party is sending out, or should voters just vote for the party that is actually doing something about it?
I think what the hon.
Gentleman is tending to forget is that the winter fuel payment in Scotland is devolved.
It was the SNP Scottish Government  who decided to means-test it as well.
If it was not for the £4.9 billion extra delivered by our Labour Chancellor at this Dispatch Box to end austerity, which the Scottish Government will spend today, they would not be able to make any decisions whatsoever.
What steps he is taking to support the regeneration of Scottish town centres.
I commend the hon.
Lady for her work with the Chancellor to help to deliver a record Budget settlement for Scotland, the largest Scottish Government Budget settlement in the history of devolution.
It is now up to the Scottish Government to ensure that our towns feel the benefit of it: there can be no more excuses from the Scottish National party.
The Budget also confirmed nearly £1.4 billion of funding for local growth projects, and we are delivering growth deals in all parts of Scotland, many of which are improving town centres and other community assets.
Hamilton is a brilliant place in which to live and work, but the boarded-up shops in Quarry Street tell a story of their own.
What can this Government do to support businesses across Hamilton and Clyde Valley, and across Scotland, which have suffered so badly under the chaos and neglect of two Governments, Conservative and SNP?
My hon.
Friend is entirely correct, and I commend her for standing up for her town.
In England this Labour Government have already delivered lower business rates for leisure, hospitality and retail businesses, which can help high streets, and I am sure that every Scottish MP wants to see that policy replicated in Scotland.
As we are discussing brilliant towns, it is timely to mention brilliant retail workers too, especially at this time of year.
I am supporting the Christmas campaign organised by the Scottish Retail Consortium and the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers to encourage everyone to respect our shop workers at this particularly busy time of year.