23 )
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to provide that, where a public body collects data about ethnicity for the purpose of delivering public services, it must include specific “Sikh” and “Jewish” categories as options for a person’s ethnic group; and for connected purposes.
Jews and Sikhs are in the unique position of being considered both ethnic and religious groups under the Equality Act 2010.
Sikhs and Jews have been legally recognised as ethnic groups for over 40 years, since the Mandla v. Dowell Lee case in 1983.
The Bill would address a fundamental absurdity in the fight against discrimination and inequality, which is that we have not collected ethnicity data on Sikhs and Jews since laws on racial discrimination were first introduced nearly 60 years ago.
The Women and Equalities Committee was told in February 2018 that the Government’s race disparity audit had identified around 340 datasets across Government, but found no data on Sikhs.
The only data collected on Sikhs and Jews in more recent years is religious data.
However, the quality of data collected by public bodies on religion, as opposed to ethnicity, is poor, patchy and incomplete.
Religion data is never used by public bodies to make decisions for the purposes of delivering public services.
This makes both Jews and Sikhs invisible to policymakers, ignoring the inequality and discrimination that both groups face.
That is why a specific Jewish and Sikh ethnic category is needed, and that is what this Bill will create.
This is a campaign to end the discrimination that both communities face.
I campaigned for a Sikh and Jewish ethnicity tick box to be included in the 2021 census, because we know that for over 30 years, public bodies have been instructed to use the census’s ethnic groups questions to design and deliver services in compliance with equalities legislation.
Given that we are talking about protected characteristics, we would expect public bodies to be instructed to routinely collect information on Sikhs and Jews, but they are not.
The then Minister with responsibility for equalities,  the right hon.
Member for Daventry (Stuart Andrew) , wrote this to me last year:
“public bodies and decision-makers who think that their decisions may affect discrimination, harassment, or victimisation of Sikhs…should ensure that their compliance with the duty includes considerations of Sikh ethnicity.”
However, they do not, because people incorrectly argue, and assume, that data collected on religion is a suitable substitute.
Those people do not understand existing practices.
Religion data is rarely collected to a good standard.
It excludes non-practising Sikhs and Jews, and it is not used by public bodies to monitor and reduce inequalities or provide public services.
The latter is key to this argument, because Sikhs and Jews are missing from whole swathes of public data—on education, housing, crime, health, criminal justice, the public sector workforce and the ethnicity pay gap.
The Bill would allow public bodies to start systematically collecting data on Sikhs and Jews to address the discrimination and inequalities that they face, which is especially relevant as the Government have made a commitment to requiring ethnicity pay gap reporting.
In presenting this Bill, I have the support of a wide range of community organisations, including the Sikh Council, 112 UK gurdwaras and organisations, the Board of Deputies of British Jews, the Antisemitism Policy Trust and the Community Security Trust.
I would like to provide the House with a few examples of why this Bill is so important.
The pandemic shone a harsh light on the inequalities between different ethnic groups.
Many experts in public health now accept that we were too slow to recognise that some ethnic groups were dying at a far higher rate than others.
The Office for National Statistics belatedly started analysing covid-related deaths data by religious group where data was available, a short-term exercise that has since been discontinued.