The last Government’s hate crime action plan effectively ignored Sikh hate, or the need to define anti-Sikh hate.
Herein lies the fundamental problem with focusing on data relating to religion, rather than ethnicity, when it comes to Sikhs and Jews.
Religion is not a mandatory field in crime reporting standards that the Home Office sets for police forces, apart from in religiously aggravated hate crime cases.
However, police forces are required to record ethnicity, or use ethnic appearance codes that relate to census categories that do not include Sikhs and Jews, despite their recognition in the Equality Act 2010.
His Majesty’s inspectorate of constabulary and fire and rescue services has produced at least 30 reports since 2017 criticising police forces for the poor recording of data on the ethnicity of victims of crime.
Let me give a final example.
In October, the chief executive of the UK Jewish film festival warned of the
“erasure of British-Jewish culture from national cultural life”
by arts bodies, which are of course largely publicly funded.
Benjamin Till, a composer who has been nominated for a British Academy of Film and Television Arts award, told the Jewish Chronicle that Arts Council England
“doesn’t allow Jewish people to identify as anything other than a religion”.
He insists that Arts Council England
“must accept that Jewishness is a cultural, and…an ethnic identity.”
As the all-party group on British Sikhs and the Board of Deputies of British Jews have warned, even on its own merits, using religious questions to capture data on our communities will increasingly become irrelevant.
The percentage of Sikhs and Jews who identify with their ethnic group but do not practise their religion is growing.
As Britain becomes increasingly secular, we are failing to recognise the other ways in which British Sikhs and Jews face discrimination.
Ethnicity data can capture that in ways that religion data does not.
As the Board of Deputies of British Jews has said:
“We are concerned that until this situation is rectified, many Jewish citizens will not feel fully counted.”
A former cabinet member for public health and protection on Sandwell council says that Sikhs and Jews are forgotten when it comes to the design of services because there is no ethnicity data on Jews and Sikhs to inform those decisions.
In the rare cases where we do have some data, it exposes glaring inequalities.
In 2018, 5.3% of deaths of homeless people in London were of Sikhs, who are 1.3% of London’s general population; and 27% of Sikhs in the UK report that someone in their family has an alcohol addiction.
Good quality data saves lives.
In the past few years, the Office for National Statistics has come to acknowledge the need to ensure that the ethnicity standard reflects the diversity of the UK population.
That surely means it is time to address the injustice facing Sikh and Jewish people.
Whatever the future of ethnicity data collection, we must routinely be included in our own right.
If we consider our legal status as ethnic groups, we should be included.
If we consider the size of our populations, we should be included.
If we consider our contribution to Great Britain and society, we should be included.
If we consider the specific forms of discrimination and the inequalities we face, we should be included.
Our communities are asking for fairness and justice and to be counted as ethnic groups, given that we have been recognised as such in law for more than 40 years.
As David Baddiel has argued,
“identifying antisemitism as religious intolerance, rather than racism, downgrades its importance, which is what leads to Jews not counting.”
The same goes for Sikhs, and it is not just a rhetorical point; it is literally the case that regarding Sikhs and Jews as a religious category means we are not counted.