The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he has taken with Cabinet colleagues to help support economic growth in Scotland.
What steps he has taken with Cabinet colleagues to help support economic growth in Scotland.
The Scotland Office is supporting the White Ribbon Scotland campaign, which asks people to sign a pledge never to commit, condone or remain silent about violence against women.
I have signed it, as has the Under-Secretary of State, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Midlothian (Kirsty McNeill) , and I encourage Scottish Members from across the House to come to Dover House foyer and sign the pledge themselves.
This Government have a mission to halve violence against women and girls over the next decade.
I am sure that the whole House supports that.
Economic growth is our No.
1 mission in this Government.
We announced a historic Budget for Scotland that chose investment over decline and an end to austerity.
On top of a record settlement, the UK Government are investing nearly £1.4 billion into local growth projects in Scotland, creating the national wealth fund to support our new industrial strategy and driving the transition to clean energy via Great British Energy, which is headquartered in Aberdeen.
The first Labour Budget in 14 years delivered £4.9 billion for Scotland in Barnett consequentials—the biggest settlement since devolution, putting an end to austerity.
On top of that, it confirmed £20 million for Kilmarnock in my constituency—I thank the Secretary of State for ensuring that that funding was delivered, despite the £22 billion black hole in the public finances left by the Tories.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the last Tory Government made promises to Scotland that they had no intention of keeping?
I thank my hon.
Friend not only for that question but for the tenacity with which she has backed Kilmarnock to get more funding for her local area in the Budget.
It is an absolute disgrace that the previous Government made promises to communities such as Kilmarnock about funding that they never had an  intention of keeping.
This Government stepped in and funded those projects, chose investment over decline and will deliver growth and higher living standards.
The irony is that the Scottish National party voted against the largest funding settlement in the history of devolution yesterday, but will spend it today.
I recently visited Vector Photonics in my constituency, an optical and photonic centre of excellence and a successful spin-out from Glasgow University.
What role does the Secretary of State believe there is for start-up and spin-out tech companies in Scotland’s economic growth?
I wish Vector Photonics well.
Supporting start-ups and spin-out tech companies and the world-leading Scottish universities that often incubate them is an important part of this Government’s steadfast commitment to economic growth.
It was privilege to see at first hand the importance of these spin-outs during my recent visit to Malaysia and Singapore, when I discussed this with the Scottish universities present in those countries and representatives from the Government and business.
Scottish universities punch well above their weight internationally—something we should nurture and be very proud of.
With your indulgence, Mr Speaker, I wish Peter MacMahon well as he steps down as Scottish political editor of ITV Border.
Peter has provided outstanding coverage of not just Scottish questions in this Parliament but Scottish politics more generally to my constituents and those across the south of Scotland.
I am sure the Secretary of State will welcome, as I do, the fact that the life of Torness nuclear power station has been extended.
That is good for energy security and for the Scottish economy.
But given that energy is a reserved matter, what more can he do to bring new nuclear development to Scotland?
I join the right hon.
Gentleman in his tribute to Peter MacMahon as he steps down as the political editor of ITV in the Borders region.