In the 36 days since Labour’s Budget, the Chancellor, the Secretary of State and Ministers have tried to justify their family farm tax, which will break up family farms, by claiming that only 500 farms will be affected each year.
Awkwardly, the figures used by the Chancellor are contradicted by figures produced by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.
The left hand does not know what the far-left hand is doing.
When the figure was queried by the National Farmers Union, the Country Land and Business Association, the Tenant Farmers Association, farmers across the United Kingdom and us Conservatives, Ministers told us all rather patronisingly that we did not understand and that farmers should seek professional advice.
Well, farmers have sought professional advice, which has revealed just how badly wrong the non-economist Chancellor has got her numbers.
Will the shadow Minister give way?
In a moment.
Since the Budget, the Central Association of Agricultural Valuers has analysed the family farm tax and applied tax law and the realities of modern-day farming to it.
Its analysis has revealed that up to 75,000 individual owners of farming businesses could be affected over the coming generation, even before inflation, which is the equivalent of five times the Government’s figure of 500 farms affected in 2026-27.
How could they have got this so wrong?
It is because this city-dwelling Chancellor, Secretary of State and Exchequer Secretary do not understand modern farming or the countryside that they have overlooked a major area of tax policy and forgotten to consider thousands of farmers.
As the Exchequer Secretary has confirmed, the Government forgot to include one of the three routes to the relief in their calculations.
They have not included business property relief-only claims in their figures, which means that as many as 14,000 tenant farmers who cannot claim agricultural property relief because they do not own the land on which they farm are absent from their calculations.
What is worse is that Ministers do not know how many farmers are affected by that.
The city-dwelling Chancellor and Secretary of State have also forgotten about the farmers who in years gone by followed professional advice and transferred their farms into companies or partnerships.
Those farmers will claim only BPR, so they have been left out of the calculations.
Again, Ministers do not know how many farmers are in that position.
Will the right hon.
Member give way?
I will in a minute.
I am told by advisers that some farmers choose to use BPR only because it is easier in probate.
Guess what?
Yet again, Ministers do not know how many farms are in that position, and they have not been included.
I will give way first to  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  and then to  the hon.
Member for Scarborough and Whitby (Alison Hume) .
I have so much more to say.
I commend the shadow Minister for bringing forward the debate.
The collective decision to have this debate in the House is one that my farmers and constituents very much support.
Professional legal advice sought through the Ulster Farmers Union—I must declare an interest as a member of the union—indicates that somewhere in the region of 65% of small farmers and family farms in Northern Ireland will be affected.
When it comes to understanding that, has Labour really got no idea what is going on?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for intervening.
The evidence is building again and again against the assurances that the Chancellor, the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, the Exchequer Secretary and the farming Minister have given the House.
Frankly, the farmers outside deserve better, and so do we as Members of Parliament.
I will give way to the hon.
Lady and then carry on with the calculations that the Government have got so wrong.
The right hon.
Member left a trail of destruction across the Government.