As people, local authorities and businesses await the Scottish Government’s budget later today, does he agree that when it comes to economic incompetence, Scotland really does have, in his Government and in the proven ineptitude of the SNP, the very worst of all worlds?
I will be corrected if I am wrong, but I think the hon.
Gentleman backed former Prime Minister Liz Truss, who, when she was Prime Minister, crashed the economy and left a £22 billion black hole—[Interruption.]
The hon.
Gentleman shakes his head and says that he did not, but he walked through the Lobby with her when she did those things in her Budget.
He did back former Prime Minister Liz Truss.
We will take no lectures from the Opposition on how to run the economy or back business.
Of course, his party left the highest tax burden on working people in 70 years—another inheritance that this Government will have to try to resolve.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I am sure that, like  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  and myself, the Secretary of State for Scotland is watching with bated breath for the latest Scottish Budget.
After 17 years of incompetence, people are looking for change in Scotland, and the Labour party is promising it.
Will the Secretary of State follow the initiative of his Scottish leader, Anas Sarwar, in saying he will reinstate the winter fuel allowance and make representations to the Prime Minister to reconsider other policies, such as the national insurance changes, which are creating instability and uncertainty for the Scottish economy?
I have a lot of respect for the hon.
Lady, but this is another instance where the Opposition parties in this Chamber want all the benefits of the Budget, but they do not want to be able to pay for it.
We have announced the largest settlement for Scotland in devolution’s history: £47.7 billion, which is £4.9 billion extra.
The Chancellor delivered £4.9 billion extra in Barnett consequentials alone from this Dispatch Box during the Budget—the SNP voted against it, but will spend it today.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support veterans in Scotland.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support veterans in Scotland.
This Government are fully committed to delivering for veterans, and I pay tribute to them and their families for the sacrifices they make during their service, as well as their valued contribution to our society after they leave.
The Minister for Veterans and People, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Selly Oak (Al Carns) , is leading work across Government, and with the Scottish Government, to ensure veterans and their families can access all the support they need.
There is significant variability in the provision of veteran services across the nations.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking, alongside his Cabinet colleagues, to ensure parity of services across the nations, and in particular in Scotland?
The Minister for Veterans and People is leading this work.
The Prime Minister recently made an announcement on giving veterans a social housing exemption, which, I can confirm, will bring England in line with Scotland, where veterans are already exempt from the local connection requirement to access social housing.
We are creating a level playing field across the nations to support veterans, as I mentioned in my first answer.
Since 1921, the Royal British Legion Scotland has supported veterans and their families through education, remembrance and direct support.
This weekend,  in my constituency in Keighley, the town council and community groups are unveiling a memorial to the fallen of the first world war, with a time capsule placed under the cenotaph to be opened in 100 years.
Does the Minister agree that events such as these, which bring together the whole community, are of vital importance for our veterans—not only in Keighley, but in Scotland and across the wider United Kingdom?