That is why we are working closely with local authorities to help them tackle fraud and misuse, and I will make sure that my hon.
Friend has a meeting with the relevant Minister to examine what more can be done.
Following on from the question asked by  the hon.
Member for Aberdeen North (Kirsty Blackman) , in the Gallery today is Anne Puckridge, a world war two veteran and an intense campaigner.
She has flown over 5,000 miles from Canada to meet the Prime Minister to discuss frozen pensions, a policy that is denying her and  half a million Brits who live abroad an increase in their pensions.
I am sure Anne will not mind me saying that she will be 100 years old in a couple of days’ time.
Will the Prime Minister reconsider his decision, and give Anne the best birthday present ever and meet her to discuss this issue?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising this issue.
I think he will well know and understand that our position is a continuation of the position under the last Government.
Does the Prime Minister share my concern at a report by Audit Scotland, which has found that the Scottish   Government have no clear plan for the NHS in Scotland?
As a Scottish Labour MP, I am delighted that this Government are providing £4.9 billion extra for public services in Scotland.
Is it not time for SNP Ministers to get a grip and do better for patients in my constituency, who face some of the longest waiting times for surgery in Scotland?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this issue, because waiting lists in Scotland are appalling.
That is why we make the argument that, now that the Scottish Government have the money and the resources, there are no more excuses for poor delivery.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I seek your advice on yesterday’s debate about a jobs tax on working people who are not working people—it depends on the definition of “working people.”
The Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury claimed that the Office for Budget Responsibility stated there was a cover-up by the previous Government.
In column 203 of Hansard, we see the words used by the Minister: he said that the OBR used the words “cover-up” not once but twice.
I have since checked with the OBR.
It has not said this; I believe it is a creative use of words to suit a political narrative.
Could you advise me on how I could bring the Minister to the House to correct the record?
If no one on the Government Front Bench wants to, I will deal with this.
First, I am grateful to the hon.
Member for giving notice of the point of order.
I understand that he has notified the Exchequer Secretary that he intended to refer to this matter in the Chamber, and I thank him for doing that.
The Chair is not responsible for what Ministers say in the Chamber; that has historically been the case.
However, he certainly has put the record straight in his view, and I am sure that those on the Treasury Bench will have noted his remarks, and will reflect on them.
Let me put it that way.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No.
23 )
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to provide that, where a public body collects data about ethnicity for the purpose of delivering public services, it must include specific “Sikh” and “Jewish” categories as options for a person’s ethnic group; and for connected purposes.
Jews and Sikhs are in the unique position of being considered both ethnic and religious groups under the Equality Act 2010.
Sikhs and Jews have been legally recognised as ethnic groups for over 40 years, since the Mandla v. Dowell Lee case in 1983.