I hope that she does not fall into the category that I just described.
The right hon.
Lady talks about the figures.
Does she accept that her Government’s record was one of leaving £300 million of the farming budget unspent in the Treasury coffers, not helping farmers?
I thank the hon.
Lady sincerely for raising that point, because she has—perhaps unwittingly—identified a contradiction in DEFRA’s own claims.
It talks about a £300 million underspend, but last week it was cancelling the very capital grants that farmers around the country have been investing in, saying that it had run out of money.
Well, it cannot be both.
Perhaps that is yet another example of the cockeyed accounting of the Chancellor and the Environment Secretary.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that what is quite frightening about this policy is that perhaps the Government know exactly what they are doing, and that, a bit like “Animal Farm”, they think everything should be collectivised?
My right hon.
Friend, who has a wonderful way with words, asks a question that many members of rural communities up and down the United Kingdom are asking themselves.
In fact, when the Prime Minister did regional media a couple of weeks ago, Sean Dunderdale, the wonderful presenter on BBC Radio Lincolnshire, asked him what he had got against the people of Lincolnshire.
I might ask: what have this Labour Government got against the countryside?
rose—
I will give way to my right hon.
Friend and neighbour and then I will make some progress.
As my right hon.
Friend has said, the word “betrayal” is fitting because, long before the election, pledges were given, by both the Secretary of State and the Prime Minister, that these changes would not be made.
Order.
The right hon.
Member is a very experienced Member of this House, and he knows that he is meant to address the Chair, not the Front Bench.
Mr Speaker, I know that you, as a man of integrity and honour, will be as disappointed as I am that the Government should promise one thing and then do the exact opposite.
It is a great pleasure to have the right hon.
Gentleman not just as a friend but as my Lincolnshire neighbour.
He has put his finger on the point—genuinely, it is the next paragraph in my speech.
Some Labour MPs must be haunted by the phrasing from the Secretary of State during the general election campaign—because I suspect that they repeated it up and down the market towns and villages in their constituencies—when he described fears that Labour would impose this family farm tax as “desperate nonsense”.
Labour candidates will have repeated that line and assured the farming families in their constituencies that Labour would never treat rural communities in that way, yet within weeks the Chancellor was planning to do exactly that.
Since then, families across the country have been trying to work out how to pick up the pieces after Labour’s family farm tax bomb.
They will not forget.
A farmer from Derbyshire emailed me this week to say:
“Our hard work and investment as a family has been wiped away in the stroke of a pen.”
They went on to say:
“My 60 year old husband had a bleed on the brain in June and thankfully has made a full recovery but I’ve never seen him so stressed.
He doesn’t know what to do”.
Hon.
Members representing seats in Derbyshire may wish to reflect on how they will respond to that.
A farmer from Northumberland has written to me as follows:
“We had to talk about which one of my parents are going to die first, in front of them.”
He said that Labour is
“destroying people’s lives with this policy.
Many of us are worried about the mental state of many within agriculture and are concerned that it may be the final straw for some.”
In fairness,  the hon.