We took the unusual step of giving lots of notice to Labour MPs that we would debate Labour’s family farm tax today.
We did that because we wanted to give Labour MPs in rural seats time to reflect and consider whether they can continue to support this vindictive tax.
For example, a Welsh landowner told me that he will have to sell six tenanted farms to pay Labour’s family farm tax.
That is six farming families—who we on the Opposition Benches would describe as working people—who will lose their businesses, their family homes and their children’s farming futures.
Those six farming families have been forgotten by this Government.
The hon.
Member for Montgomeryshire and Glyndŵr (Steve Witherden)  has called on the Treasury to produce its modelling on the impact on family farms.
Will the Treasury do that, at the Back Bencher’s request?
How will he vote today?
The hon.
Member for South East Cornwall (Anna Gelderd)  met farmers earlier this month and claimed that she would take their concerns back to Westminster.
Will she raise those today and vote against this tax?
I have consulted widely with farming communities and farmers in my constituency.
I have not been able to identify a single farmer who feels that there is anything good in this policy whatsoever.
Does my right hon.
Friend know whether there is a single Labour Member of Parliament representing a rural community who genuinely believes that they will be voting in their constituents’ interests tonight?
I sincerely thank my right hon.
Friend for setting out clearly the choice ahead of Members across the House.
We on the Opposition Benches know who we are standing up for.
We back our farmers.
We understand how difficult farming is as a way of life.
It will be for individual Members of Parliament to decide how they vote.
The right hon.
Lady talked about choices and backing farmers.
The current Leader of the Opposition did a trade deal with Australia and New Zealand that sold farmers down the river.
Is that her version of backing British farmers?
I am pretty sure that the hon.
Gentleman has his facts wrong about the then Trade Secretary.
The Conservative party is in favour of trade deals, but we want trade deals that best support our farming industry. [
Interruption.]
Before Labour Members start shouting at me, he will know that the fears and concerns about those trade deals have not come to fruition.
What is more, we as Conservatives are proud of the fact that we would not enter trade deals that require the flooding to these shores of chlorinated chicken or hormone-treated beef.
I also gently remind the hon.
Gentleman that, as a Back Bencher, talking about foreign territories given the context of the debate about the Chagos islands is a bit brave.
We do not have much trade with the Chagos islands.
My right hon.
Friend is right to highlight the devastating effect of this policy and to highlight the incredible rounding-up exercise on the Treasury account books of the contribution that it will make to NHS expenditure.
With the Labour party having a serious foothold in rural constituencies for the first time since 1945, does she not find this rather inept politics, which is perhaps not surprising from such a London-centric Front Bench?
The policy shows a wilful ignorance of rural life and a deliberate attempt not to understand the pressures and is, in essence, selling those rural Labour MPs down the river.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that point.
There is some interesting polling coming out today, which I will deal with.
Of course, Mr Speaker, I very much accept your point about trade, but we are genuinely concerned about the national security implications of the Chagos islands deal.
I can assure the right hon.
Lady that so am I.
Very much so, Mr Speaker.
I will give way to  the hon.
Member for Hexham (Joe Morris) .