Our communities are asking for fairness and justice and to be counted as ethnic groups, given that we have been recognised as such in law for more than 40 years.
As David Baddiel has argued,
“identifying antisemitism as religious intolerance, rather than racism, downgrades its importance, which is what leads to Jews not counting.”
The same goes for Sikhs, and it is not just a rhetorical point; it is literally the case that regarding Sikhs and Jews as a religious category means we are not counted.
We are not counted when we fill in a form in an NHS waiting room, we are not counted in the census and local councils do not count us in the data they use to monitor and deliver services.
It is high time that changed, so I urge Members across the House to allow this Bill to progress today.
It is high time that public bodies ended this injustice, and as legislators we must put right this wrong and support them in doing that.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered,
That Preet Kaur Gill, Ben Coleman, Jas Athwal, Jon Pearce, David Pinto-Duschinsky, Joani Reid and Alex Sobel present the Bill.
Preet Kaur Gill accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the first time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 7 March 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 142).
I inform the House that I have selected amendment (a) in the name of the Prime Minister.
I beg to move,
That this House regrets that the Government has undone its promises to farmers, and is seeking to punish them with Inheritance Tax bills of hundreds of thousands, or even millions, of pounds by cutting Agricultural Property Relief and Business Property Relief; further regrets that the Government has provided conflicting information on the number of farms that will be affected, and has not conducted an impact assessment of this approach; notes that figures from the National Farmers’ Union suggest that some three quarters of farms will be affected; further notes that farmers tend to be asset-rich but cash-poor and that figures from the Country Land and Business Association suggest the average arable farm will have to sell 20% of its land to pay the Inheritance Tax bill that this policy will cause; notes that the Central Association of Agricultural Valuers anticipates that this will affect 75,000 owners of farming businesses over a generation; notes also that this land is not guaranteed to be used for food production if sold; and calls on the Government not to impose the cuts to Agricultural Property Relief and Business Property Relief set out in the Budget that will lead to the end of family farming as it has been known for many generations in the UK.
This Government have driven farmers to despair.
The hike in national insurance, the acceleration of delinked payments, the fertiliser tax, the double cab tax, the stalling of capital grants, the scrapping of the rural services delivery grant and the slowing down of applications to farming schemes are all conspiring against our rural economy and the survival of British farms.
Yet the Government have added a death tax to that: the family farm tax, which is seeing families across the United Kingdom worry about whether they will be able to hand on their farms to their children, as generations before them have done.
In the 36 days since Labour’s Budget, the Chancellor, the Secretary of State and Ministers have tried to justify their family farm tax, which will break up family farms, by claiming that only 500 farms will be affected each year.
Awkwardly, the figures used by the Chancellor are contradicted by figures produced by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.
The left hand does not know what the far-left hand is doing.