The pandemic shone a harsh light on the inequalities between different ethnic groups.
Many experts in public health now accept that we were too slow to recognise that some ethnic groups were dying at a far higher rate than others.
The Office for National Statistics belatedly started analysing covid-related deaths data by religious group where data was available, a short-term exercise that has since been discontinued.
It found that Sikhs died disproportionately from covid even after adjusting for region, population density, area deprivation, household composition, socioeconomic status and a range of other economic indicators.
Not only that, but it showed that Sikhs were affected at a very different rate from other predominantly south Asian groups, meaning that analysis using the existing ethnic minority categories would fail to capture any of these inequalities.
The Board of Deputies of British Jews has also recognised these arguments.
British Jews died at almost twice the rate of the rest of the population, as there is a higher prevalence of certain genetic conditions among Jewish people—for example, of breast cancer in Ashkenazi Jewish women.
Collecting better data will help public services to profile and respond to the community better.
To address health inequalities, we need to learn from the pandemic, and we need to collect accurate data to ensure better outcomes for both these communities, based on evidence.
To give just one example that highlights the absurdity of this system, NHS Blood and Transplant does not collect data on Sikh organ donors or Sikhs requiring an organ transplant, despite the fact that for more than a decade, there has been a policy of encouraging more Sikhs to become donors.
NHS Blood and Transplant does not gather the single most important data point that would allow us to improve sign-up rates among this under-represented group.
It is shocking.
As Amanda Bowman, vice-president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews, wrote last year:
“Imagine you’re sitting in a hospital waiting room and have been asked to fill out a form which, among other questions, asks for your ethnicity…So which box do I tick?”
As David Baddiel, the author of “Jews Don’t Count”, has said:
“It is othering and alienating”
that Jews do not have a distinct ethnic box to reflect their race.
Since  7 October , the British Jewish community has faced an appalling rise in antisemitic hate attacks.
While the Home Office collects data on religiously motivated antisemitic hate crimes, it does not do so on racially aggravated antisemitism.
That is despite instances of racial hate crime outnumbering instances of religiously aggravated hate crime by 10 to one.
There is a serious  risk that Jewish hate crimes are being undercounted by the Home Office because it does not have its own Jewish ethnic category.
In the first half of this year, the Community Security Trust found that the majority of antisemitic incidents that it recorded consisted of “anti-Jewish discourse” linking the victim
“to Israel, Palestine, the Hamas terror attack or the subsequent war.”
According to Crown Prosecution Service prosecution guidance, hate targeting someone’s real or perceived nationality or national origins, such as a link to Israel, would indicate a racially, not religiously, aggravated offence.
The same goes for Sikhs, as is documented in the all-party group on British Sikhs report on anti-Sikh hate.
Sikhs are the most visible minority in Britain, yet we do not collect data on racist anti-Sikh hate.
The last Government’s hate crime action plan effectively ignored Sikh hate, or the need to define anti-Sikh hate.
Herein lies the fundamental problem with focusing on data relating to religion, rather than ethnicity, when it comes to Sikhs and Jews.
Religion is not a mandatory field in crime reporting standards that the Home Office sets for police forces, apart from in religiously aggravated hate crime cases.