That means increasing funding to the core schools budget by £2.3 billion, which includes almost £1 billion more on high needs budgets.
Today we are announcing investment of £740 million to create SEN units in mainstream schools which deliver specialist support, and I am very pleased to take that forward.
Members across this House are deeply concerned that the Post Office is considering closing more than 100 branches across our communities.
More than 3,000 people have signed a petition opposing the closure of Bexhill post office.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the Government must ensure that we protect vital post office services for all our constituents?
I recognise the campaigning of many, including the hon.
Gentleman, on local services that their constituents rely on.
The Post Office is required to maintain a network of 11,500 branches and to ensure that 99% of the UK population lives within 3 miles of a post office.
Decisions about individual branches are for the Post Office to take, following consultation with local communities, but I am happy to ensure that he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss his particular case.
In my constituency it is full steam ahead to 2025, when our town celebrates the 200-year anniversary of the railways with a nine-month festival.
We are proud of our industrial contribution, but many in my area have concerns about the future of our rail industry.
What assurances can the PM offer that he will get our railways back on track?
We are delivering on our commitment to bring railways back under public ownership, putting passengers first.
Today, we have announced that South Western Railway services will be the first to transfer into public ownership next year, so that we can turn the page on decades of delay, fragmentation and failure.
Veteran Anne Puckridge is in the Gallery, and I urge the Prime Minister to meet her to talk about her frozen pension.
Yesterday, the reported that Scottish Labour MPs are very “upset”.
Apparently, that upset is caused by their Scottish leader’s diktat that they now have to support the very winter fuel payment that they voted against in this place.
As the Prime Minister comforts his upset MPs, will he remind them that the only people with the right to be upset are the 900,000 Scottish pensioners who were left in the cold by Labour’s cuts?
I work very closely with Scottish Labour in a harmonious way.
We ran a fantastic campaign earlier this year, which is why the hon.
Lady is sitting on the Benches at the back, not the Benches at the front.
I echo the words of Members across the House about Mandy Damari, who I also met this week, and who is from Beckenham.
Yesterday marked International Day of Persons with Disabilities, and I am proud to be one of the disabled MPs in this House.
As a sixth-former, I became one of the youngest people in Britain to have a hip replacement, and I relied on a blue badge.
Data released yesterday shows that blue badge theft has more than quadrupled in the past 10 years.
Will the Prime Minister back my campaign to tackle blue badge theft and ensure that millions of disabled people can work, socialise and live an independent life?
I thank my hon.
Friend for being a powerful voice for some of the most vulnerable in our society.
Theft of a blue badge is appalling, depriving people of their independence and ability to travel with confidence.
It has a real human impact every single time.
That is why we are working closely with local authorities to help them tackle fraud and misuse, and I will make sure that my hon.
Friend has a meeting with the relevant Minister to examine what more can be done.
Following on from the question asked by  the hon.