That requires all of us to put in place mechanisms and arrangements to make that possible.
Everybody should be treated with dignity and respect, and I am proud of the fact that our Employment Rights Bill will strengthen protections from sexual harassment at work.
Friday the 13th is a date associated with bad things happening.
Next Friday, the European Union’s general product safety regulation will apply in Northern Ireland, creating more costs and bureaucracy for English, Scottish and Welsh companies that want to do business in Northern Ireland and Northern Ireland consumers buying from them.
Many businesses have already stopped supplying Northern Ireland.
Haulage companies are unsure of what is required of them.
Online sales platforms are divided on the advice they give.
A previous Prime Minister promised Northern Ireland businesses that if they were asked to complete additional paperwork, they should phone him and he would
“direct them to throw that form in the bin.”
What direct, tangible advice can the Prime Minister give to those businesses that want to continue supplying Northern Ireland?
That is a serious issue and the Government are working closely with businesses to ensure that they are ready for the changes that the hon.
Gentleman has identified.
We published more guidance yesterday, as he knows, to support them further.
We will be keeping a close eye on the issue to help businesses trade freely across the whole of the United Kingdom.
In Stoke-on-Trent and Kidsgrove we are proud of our beautiful historic buildings.
However, many of them lie dormant and blight our proud towns.
Will the Prime Minister outline what steps the Government are taking to bring historic buildings back into use, and will he make time to visit my constituency to see for himself our untapped potential?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that issue and I will certainly consider his kind invitation.
We will invest in heritage buildings, restoring pride and ensuring that they serve the needs of local communities.
The National Lottery Heritage Fund has awarded Stoke-on-Trent £250,000 to help preserve the city’s heritage.
Historic England is also funding emergency repairs at the iconic Wedgewood Institute and supporting Re-form Heritage—whose office, I think, is based in my hon.
Friend’s constituency—to employ staff dedicated to delivering heritage projects.
Today is the Scottish Budget, which contains provisions to reinstate the winter fuel payment for all Scottish pensioners—something that the Prime Minister famously took away from nearly all UK pensioners, supported by Scottish Labour Members of Parliament.
But apparently Scottish Labour is now in favour of the winter fuel payment, so what is his advice  to Labour MSPs?
Is it to vote for the Budget, to ensure that Scottish pensioners get that single fuel payment, or is to stick with his view and vote that Budget down?
My advice to my team is to ensure that the SNP is absolutely clear that we have given the biggest settlement to Scotland this year in our Budget.
The Scottish Government now have the powers and the resources.
They have no more excuses for their failure to deliver.
A year ago today, this House defeated the then Government over the contaminated blood scandal compensation scheme.
It is welcome that the present Government have set aside £11.8 billion for that compensation scheme, but as victims die every week, there is concern about the pace of payments, and the fact that rules are being changed behind closed doors in Whitehall without explanation, contradicting some of Sir Brian Langstaff’s recommendations.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that next week’s meeting scheduled with the campaign groups representing the victims must represent the start of those infected and affected being involved in a process that they fought so hard for, and for so long, and that too many died and failed to see?
We are committed to acting on the findings of the infected blood inquiry, and ensuring swift resolution and compensating in full.