Member for Neath and Swansea East (Carolyn Harris) , and I join the Prime Minister in his delight about it.
I also join him in support for Mandy Damari, and our joint hope that we will see Emily and other hostages released as soon as possible.
The Prime Minister has rightly spoken about the need to restore and rebuild the public’s trust in British politics.
We believe a crucial part of that is reforming our electoral system to make it fairer and more proportional, and so do a majority of the British public.
This House voted yesterday in favour of a Bill for electoral reform put forward by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Richmond Park (Sarah Olney) .
Will the Prime Minister make Government time available so we can consider that Bill about electoral reform and restore the public’s trust in our politics?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for referencing Emily.
It is important that we all remember her and the awful torture that her mother is going through, as is the case for all the other hostages.
It is hard to imagine what it must be like for anybody with friends or family who are still being held hostage after all this time.
Proportional representation is not our policy and we will not be making time for it.
I will just gently say to the right hon.
Gentleman that he did not do too badly under the system as it is.
I am disappointed in that reply and hope that the Prime Minister will reflect on Labour’s policy.
Moving on to another pressing subject, more than 3 million people have been stuck on NHS waiting lists for more than 18 weeks.
That is probably the worst, most appalling legacy of the last Conservative Government and it needs to be fixed.
Does the Prime Minister accept that we will only get waiting lists down, and keep them down, if it is easier for everyone to see a GP when they need it?
When he publishes his milestones tomorrow, will he include a guarantee with a timetable so that people will be able to see a GP within at least seven days, or 24 hours if it is urgent?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to draw attention to the record of the last Government on the NHS: record waiting lists and record low confidence in the NHS.
In addition to the economy and immigration, they had better not be talking about that for the last five years either.
We will be driving that down.
We have already begun that work to make sure that we get those waiting lists down, and yes, of course, that includes making sure there is better access to GPs and other measures that need to be taken.
That is a central driving mission of this Government.
Given that a significant number of Members of this place are, regardless of class, women of a certain age, does the Prime Minister agree that when a woman of a certain age—or indeed any woman, of any age and from any background—says that they have experienced sexual harassment or inappropriate behaviour, they should be listened to and supported and the perpetrator dealt with?
I certainly agree with that, and I think everybody across the House would.
My hon.
Friend is right, because one of the greatest barriers that women face when coming forward to report unacceptable behaviour in the workplace is having confidence that they will be taken seriously.
That requires all of us to put in place mechanisms and arrangements to make that possible.
Everybody should be treated with dignity and respect, and I am proud of the fact that our Employment Rights Bill will strengthen protections from sexual harassment at work.
Friday the 13th is a date associated with bad things happening.