I look forward to discussions this afternoon on how we are strengthening our relationship and boosting trade and investment, including an announcement today of a £1 billion investment in our new clean energy partnership.
Sunday marked World Aids Day, and we stand with all those we have lost and those living with HIV today.
We will seek to end new cases of HIV in England by 2030.
I also note that we are joined in the Gallery today by Mandy Damari, the mother of Emily, a British citizen still being held hostage in Gaza.
I have met Mandy a number of times, and in my view what she is going through is nothing short of torture.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House I shall have further such meetings later today.
I would like to concur with the comments the Prime Minister has just made.
North Devon district hospital is the most remote hospital in mainland England.
Its intensive care unit has only six beds, it is almost 50 years old, and it serves a population of 165,000 people.
Can the Prime Minister assure my constituents that their hospital will receive the urgent funding that is needed under the new hospital programme, so that they will not face a more than two-hour drive to the nearest trauma unit?
The new hospital programme that we inherited was emblematic of the failures of the previous Government: making promises with no plan to deliver on them.
We are committed to delivery,  including the North Devon hospital.
We are reviewing the programme to place it on a sustainable footing, and the Health Secretary will set out further details of the new delivery soon.
In the meantime, we continue to support trusts to develop their schemes.
I welcome the swift and decisive action this Government are taking to secure our borders after the Conservatives lost control.
In particular, I welcome the world-first deal struck with Iraq last week to tackle smuggling gangs.
Does the Prime Minister agree that international co-operation, shared intelligence and joint law enforcement are the best way to end the vile smuggling trade?
I thank my hon.
Friend.
She is a superb champion for her constituents, and she is absolutely right.
The previous Government left a broken asylum system.
We have put a plan in place: the Border Security Command, backed by £150 million; 100 more National Crime Agency officers; and we are introducing counter-terror-style powers.
My hon.
Friend is right to say that our new international co-ordination includes the landmark Iraq agreement.
The hard graft is already beginning to pay off, because 9,400 people who have no right to be here have been returned.
That is a 30% increase on the numbers of last year.
The Conservatives promised to get the flights off the ground.
We have got them off the ground.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
I pay tribute to Mandy Damari and her family for the strength they have shown.
We on this side of the House, and I am sure the whole House, continue to seek the speedy release of Emily Damari and the other hostages.
The Prime Minister talks about immigration, so it is probably a good time to remind him that he was the one writing letters asking us not to deport foreign criminals.
He and his party voted against every single measure we put in place to try to limit immigration.
The question today is what has been on the lips of all Labour MPs, including, I believe, the Health Secretary yesterday.
The Prime Minister knowingly appointed a convicted fraudster to be his Transport Secretary.
What was he thinking?
The previous Transport Secretary was right to resign when further information came forward.
What a marked contrast to the behaviour of the last 14 years.
The Leader of the Opposition talks about immigration.