Will the Prime Minister release the funding information and meet me and the GPs to hear at first hand about the pressures they are facing?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise this.
The Darzi report, which we commissioned, made it clear that the NHS was broken by the previous Government, and that is why we provided £22 billion of additional funding in the Budget this year to start the work of fixing our NHS.
We do obviously value the vital work of GPs and, as he knows, we consult every year with the sector about the services they provide and the money they are entitled to in return, and we will set that out in the usual way.
Hollie Gazzard was murdered by her boyfriend outside her workplace in Gloucester 10 years ago.
Since then, her family have established the Hollie Gazzard Trust, which educates young people on domestic abuse and stalking, and keeps women safe with its Hollie Guard app.
Will the Prime Minister join me in paying tribute to Hollie’s family and the work of the Hollie Gazzard Trust, and will he update the House on the steps the Government are taking to tackle violence against women and girls?
A decade on, I am sure the thoughts of the whole House remain with Hollie’s family and friends.
I join my hon.
Friend in commending the vital work of the Hollie Gazzard Trust.
In relation to the steps we are taking, we have a mission to halve the levels of violence against women and girls within a decade.
That is really tough to do—nobody has ever committed to that before.
I invite everybody across the House in join us in that.
That will include, among the steps we are taking, placing domestic abuse experts in  999 control rooms, to ensure that abuse is picked up early; launching a pilot of new domestic abuse protection orders; developing a national framework to track and target high-harm offenders; and strengthening stalking prevention orders.
We will take other measures to make good on that commitment.
A WASPI—Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign—woman dies every 13 minutes.
That is two women since the Prime Minister took to the Dispatch Box today, and it is 111 women every day, and nearly 17,000 since he took office.
How many more WASPI women have to die before the Government take action to give them the financial redress and justice that they are due?
We are moving at pace on all relevant issues.
We passed the Budget to provide the baseline for what we need, and we will continue to do so.
Local councils in my constituency are facing significant financial pressures on special educational needs and disabilities provision.
In Wokingham borough, for example, the SEND incidence is twice the national average, yet historically the level of funding has not met the level of need, and that has left families and children waiting too long for help.
The previous Government’s safety valve programme was only a sticking plaster, so I welcome this Government’s announcement today of additional SEND funding in mainstream schools.
What more can the Government do to make SEND funding sustainable?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this—I think this is the fifth or sixth time that SEND has been raised at Prime Minister’s questions.
We inherited a system neglected to the point of crisis by the last Government, and so we will deliver the change that is desperately needed.
That means increasing funding to the core schools budget by £2.3 billion, which includes almost £1 billion more on high needs budgets.
Today we are announcing investment of £740 million to create SEN units in mainstream schools which deliver specialist support, and I am very pleased to take that forward.
Members across this House are deeply concerned that the Post Office is considering closing more than 100 branches across our communities.