Gentleman for that contribution, because parents and children have been failed far too often.
We are committing an additional £1 billion to SEND, but there must be meaningful reform alongside it, and new teachers must have the appropriate training.
We are committed to reviewing that and to working with parents and teachers, and we will take away his suggestion.
I invite him and others across the House to work with us on this important reform, because I think this issue has been raised with me more than any other at Prime Minister’s questions.
It is clearly a broken system; it needs reform.
If we can work together across the House to get it right, I think that is the least we owe to parents and children across the country.
I com-mend the Prime Minister on his work to tackle the arbitrary detention of British citizens abroad and warmly welcome the creation of a special envoy.
He will know of the anguish of the families of Jimmy Lai, Ryan Cornelius, Alaa Abd el-Fattah, Jagtar Singh Johal and others.
Can the Prime Minister tell us when he anticipates the appointment of the envoy will happen?
Will they have real powers, like their counterparts in Canada and the United States, to help bring our people home?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his work on the all-party parliamentary group on arbitrary detention and hostage affairs, championing the plight of British nationals facing the most difficult circumstances  overseas?
We routinely raise these cases with international counterparts, as he would expect, and we are deeply committed to getting them home and united with their loved ones.
As part of our work to strengthen support for British nationals overseas, we are working at pace to get the envoy role set up, and I will make sure that he is kept updated about that.
Government plans for English devolution and NHS reform suggest that integrated care boards should align with new strategic authorities.
The Government’s plan for Bedfordshire will not currently achieve that, so what assurances can the Prime Minister provide that local NHS reorganisation will be good value for money, improve local accountability and deliver the healthcare services that are needed to serve my constituents in rural Mid Bedfordshire, including the much-needed GP surgery in Wixams?
The hon.
Gentleman’s points about good value for money and accountability are really important.
They are embedded in the work we are doing with the NHS at the moment, which is improving on our watch—not only the waiting lists, but in other respects.
The 10-year plan for the NHS, which is intended to ensure that the NHS is fit for the future, has a number of principles, including the principle of local accountability.
On 11 June, Alexander Dennis announced that it was planning to stop bus manufacturing in Scotland.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Falkirk (Euan Stainbank) and I have met the workers, the trade unions, the company and both UK and Scottish Government Ministers to see how closure can be averted.
Alexander Dennis needs commitments to orders for 2025 and 2026, and elected mayors are ideally placed to do this.
Our industrial strategy is right when it says that where things are made, and by whom, matters.
As such, can the Prime Minister assure Alexander Dennis and the workers that he believes bus manufacturing should have a future in Larbert and Falkirk?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this matter.
It is a deeply concerning time for the workers and their families in Falkirk.
I agree with him, and we are working with mayors and local leaders to develop a pipeline of future orders for zero emission buses, which is an important aspect of this issue.
The Minister for local transport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wakefield and Rothwell (Simon Lightwood) , is hosting an urgent meeting of the bus manufacturing expert panel.