I was at the groundbreaking ceremony to begin construction of the electric arc furnace, which will be one of the largest in the world, securing 5,000 jobs and the future of steelmaking in Port Talbot for years to come.
It has been made possible by £1.25 billion of investment, including £500 million from this Government, as well as our £80 million to support workers and the wider steel community, and will benefit not just Port Talbot but downstream sites.
This has been a really challenging time for steelworkers across Wales, but I think this week marks a real turning point, securing a bright future for years to come.
As a result of the UK Government’s half a billion pound investment in the future of steel in Port Talbot, construction has now begun on the new electric arc furnace.
Will the Secretary of State share what this fantastic news means for Port Talbot and the surrounding communities, like my own of Neath and Swansea East?
The Government’s investment in the electric arc furnace shows how serious our commitment is to the steel industry, not just in south Wales but across the UK.
It is why we have slashed energy costs for steel producers and other energy-intensive industries through the industrial strategy, strengthened procurement rules to use even more UK steel in construction, ensured that the UK is the only country in the world not paying 50% tariffs to the United States, and boosted trade defences to protect the sector against foreign imports.
The steel strategy, which we will publish later in the year, will also deliver up to £2.5 billion of investment to help to maintain jobs and growth.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The UK Government say that Wales is getting record-breaking funding to tackle NHS waiting lists, but for my constituent Melanie Walker, the reality is the opposite.
After waiting 59 weeks for a hip operation, she has now been told she must wait another 45, because Powys Teaching Health Board is artificially extending waiting times for patients treated in Shropshire and  Herefordshire to match lower Welsh averages—a cost-cutting move driven by the Welsh Government.
Does the Secretary of State think that is fair to Melanie or consistent with her Government’s pledge to reduce waiting times?
I am very sorry to hear about Melanie’s situation.
However, I would say to the hon.
Gentleman that his party were in government with the Conservatives during the coalition years.
That Government delivered horrible austerity on Wales, which lead to public services in Wales being degraded.
His party was the architect of that.
The Chancellor says that cutting red tape for bankers will trickle down to households. [
Interruption.]
The 2008 financial crash taught us that that is utter nonsense. [
Interruption.]
The Secretary of State has just mentioned things that happened in the past; in 2023, she said:
“12 years of ‘trickle-down’ and ‘trickle-out’ growth strategies have failed to deliver for Britain.”
Does she stand by what she said in opposition, or does she now toe the line for the sake of the Chancellor’s friends in the City?
I apologise to the right hon.
Lady; I am afraid I did not hear the start of her question.
On tax and what the Chancellor has talked about, we stand by our manifesto commitment not to increase income tax, employee national insurance contributions or VAT.
The Chancellor has said that it would be irresponsible to write future Budgets months in advance, especially given the global situation.
There are clearly costs and implications to every decision this Parliament makes, but we remain focused on growing our economy in Wales and across the UK.
That is one way of avoiding answering the question, Mr Speaker.
My point is that Labour’s skewed sense of fairness does not stop at prioritising the interests of the banks over others; it is also hitting our farmers and rural communities.