Last week, four-year-old Eli Testa was killing in Rawtenstall cemetery when a memorial stone fell on him.
All of Rossendale was shocked by this tragedy, so I hope the Prime Minister will join me in offering his deepest condolences to Eli’s parents and family.
Families in Rossendale are also deeply concerned about reports that Reform-led Lancashire county council is considering cuts to nursery funding, which would raise costs for working parents and might force some nurseries to close.
If this is an example of the sort of efficiencies that Reform is considering, then all of Lancashire—indeed, all of us—should be worried.
Will the Prime Minister join me in asking Lancashire county council to think again?
Absolutely.
My hon.
Friend has made a very important point.
As I was saying, I would like to ensure that the names of the strike and union committee members are recorded in Hansard, so that their contribution to the fight for the workers’ rights that we all enjoy today is remembered.
They were Eliza Martin, Mary Naulls, Louisa Beck, Kate Sclater, Julia Gambleton, Ellen Johnson, Jane Wakeling, Mary Driscoll, Jane Staines, Alice Francis, Eliza Price, Mary Cummings and Sarah Chapman, whose great-granddaughter Sam is in the Gallery and has done so much to honour the incredible legacy of the matchgirls.
There is a saying: “If you want a job done right, get a woman to do it.”
Never has this been truer in the fight for women’s rights than for the matchgirls, and I pay tribute to these extraordinary women.
I would like to make a brief statement.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for Defence for his statement yesterday.
This episode raises significant constitutional issues.
I have therefore asked the Clerks to consider whether any lessons need to be learned from this case.
If so, I will report back to the House in due course.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What discussions she has had with the Welsh Government on the future of nuclear power in Wales.
The UK Labour Government have announced the largest nuclear building programme in a generation, investing £14.2 billion in Sizewell C and selecting Rolls-Royce SMR to build the UK’s first small modular reactors.
The memorandum of understanding between the Welsh Government and Sizewell C Consortium could bring £900 million-worth of jobs into the Welsh nuclear supply chain.
The Government also recognise Wylfa as one of the UK’s top sites for future nuclear development.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
Nuclear must be an important part of our energy security strategy.
It is both clean and reliable, and creates good jobs for local communities.
What more can the Secretary of State do to encourage and incentivise new nuclear power in Wales and across all parts of the United Kingdom?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, Great British Energy Nuclear has confirmed that, subject to final Government approvals and contract signature, it has selected Rolls-Royce SMR to build the UK’s first small modular reactors.
No decisions have yet been taken on siting.
We will be setting out our plans in due course.
Further to that, as I have already mentioned, the project at Sizewell C will create enough power for 6 million homes and in the peak of construction support 10,000 jobs.
It will boost supply chains across the UK.
Some 70% of the construction value is predicted to go to 3,500 British suppliers, including companies such as William Hare Group in south Wales, supporting new jobs in construction, welding and hospitality.
I was thrilled to hear that Boccard will today be opening its new nuclear manufacturing facility in north Wales.
Does the Minister agree that north Wales has the skills and the sites to realise the economic potential of our nuclear industry, and two Labour Governments ready to deliver on it?
Absolutely; I agree with my hon.
Friend.
I am very pleased indeed today that Boccard is opening its new nuclear manufacturing facility in Deeside.