Friend for his spotlight on this issue.
The UK condemns the growing body of evidence of serious atrocities being committed against civilians in Sudan: the escalation of violence;  the killing of civilians; the sexual assault of women; and the restriction of humanitarian access.
That is why the Foreign Secretary visited the Sudan-Chad border to raise awareness of the conflict in Sudan and its impact on neighbouring countries.
He spoke directly to Sudanese refugees, including to survivors, who shared harrowing stories of sexual violence and torture.
The Minister for Africa, for whom this is probably the highest priority area, hosted an event with his Dutch and Swiss counterparts to discuss the alarming rates of conflict-related sexual violence in Sudan and the inadequacy of current responses, and we will redouble our efforts following this urgent question to ensure that we follow that up.
The unfolding scenario in Sudan almost defies description.
The Minister has quite rightly spoken about the importance of accessibility.
Does she agree that, for accessibility to work in terms of aid, resources and assistance, there needs to be a comprehensive international approach in order even to offer the prospect of hope and delivery within the next few months?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right to talk about the importance not just of our bilateral meetings, but of working at that multilateral level.
At the same time, we need to provide support in that important area of gathering facts as we go along, because the fog of war can prevent that.
Let me give one example.
The UK provided £989,000 to the Sudan Witness project started by the Centre of Information Resilience, which investigates attacks against civilians and works with Sudanese civil society organisations as well as the United Nations fact-finding mission to support evidence gathering and accountability, so that, one day, justice will be served.
I thank the Minister for her answers today, and  the right hon.
Member for Sutton Coldfield (Sir Andrew Mitchell)  for bringing this urgent question to the House.
The events in Sudan are undoubtedly an ongoing stain on the conscience of the global community.
I am deeply concerned about increasing the accountability of those who are complicit or guilty of war crimes or crimes against humanity.
Following the question of my hon.
Friend  the Member for High Peak (Jon Pearce) , can the Minister assure me and my constituents that she will leave no stone unturned in making sure that people face justice for the things that they have either enabled or taken part in?
My hon.
Friend is right to say that the reports coming out of Darfur are horrifying.
Some of the violence has shown the hallmarks of ethnic cleansing and may amount to crimes against humanity.
The Foreign Secretary heard this at first hand from survivors when he was in Adre in January.
Irrespective of any determinations in the International Criminal Court, we know that we will strongly and always support its active investigation into the situation in Darfur, including allegations of crimes committed since April 2023, and that is why the UK has provided technical support in this regard.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I shall update the House on the content of the Leeds reforms.
The reforms encompass the Government’s financial services growth and competitiveness strategy, which is our 10-year plan for financial services.
This plan will make the UK the global centre of choice for financial services investment by 2035, with all parts of the country benefiting from its success, building on our thriving regional financial services clusters around the country.
The financial services sector is one of this country’s largest and most productive sectors.
It is worth 9% of total economic output and provides 1.2 million jobs across the UK’s nations and regions.
Our strategy will unleash the potential of the sector to catalyse growth, enterprise and opportunity in the rest of the economy.