On the hon.
Lady’s last question, which was about gold in Sudan, I shall have to write to her.
In response to an urgent question in April, the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer)  confirmed that the London Sudan conference included a commitment from the UK Government to provide a further £120 million of aid for 2025-26 to support 650,000 people, which the Minister referenced earlier.
With that in mind, can the Minister today confirm to the House what progress has been made in the intervening few months to ensure that the additional aid reaches the most vulnerable people in Sudan fleeing conflict, sexual violence and famine?
My hon.
Friend raises the most important point.
It is not just about money; it is about access, our diplomatic heft and knocking heads together so we can get that aid through to the people most in need.
He mentions the £120 million for this financial year.
A portion of that uplift provides support to local responders, both through the Sudan Humanitarian Fund, which supports the emergency response rooms, and the Mercy Corps-led Cash Consortium of Sudan, which provides direct cash assistance to mutual aid groups on the ground.
The reason for that is that there is often a de-banking situation in conflict zones—formal banking collapses.
That is why it is so important that the UK is able to assist the smaller groups on the ground to get that vital aid in.
Such an enormous civilian price is being paid in Sudan, but one of the greatest horrors is the use of rape and sexual violence against women and children as a weapon of war—and it is being used systematically as a weapon of war.
I appreciate that the Minister has limited options, but I urge her to look at every single way that we can be more robust and stronger, and really lead the charge to ensure that vital aid—not only to combat hunger but to help people who have been raped and who have suffered so much—is delivered as quickly as possible.
Let us please lead the way.
I thank the right hon.
Member for his question.
The UK funds support for the protection, prevention and care services responding to gender-based violence and conflict-related sexual violence in Sudan,  and they provide emergency support to survivors.
Longer-term UK programmes also work to tackle female genital mutilation, and to empower women and girls.
I echo the words of my hon.
Friends the Members for Stratford and Bow (Uma Kumaran) and for Sheffield Central (Abtisam Mohamed) about the terrible and desperate suffering of women and children.
I thank the Minister for her update, in which she highlighted the outcome of the London Sudan conference and the urgent need for access for aid.
When I speak to my constituents from the Sudanese diaspora community, they talk about their desperate sadness in the conversations they have with their friends and family who are still in the region.
Will the Minister update the House on the consular arrangements for the friends and family of my constituents?
My hon.
Friend is a doughty campaigner on behalf of her constituents in Westminster and the City.
I encourage her and her staff to use the MP hotline, because that is the best way of getting through in order to get consular advice and to reassure our communities in the diaspora of Sudan.
I thank my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sutton Coldfield (Sir Andrew Mitchell)  for securing this urgent question on the world’s worst humanitarian crisis.
I welcome the leadership steps that the UK Government are taking, but will the Minister tell the House what conversations are being had with both the African Union and the United Nations about the possibility of surging peacekeepers into Sudan to protect civilians?
I thank the hon.