Does the Prime Minister agree with me that a tax on pension contributions is a tax on working people?
We made absolutely clear manifesto commitments, which the right hon.
Lady asked me about last week, and we are keeping to them.
I am not going to write the Budget months out from the Budget.
I am proud of the decisions that we took to invest in our NHS and to invest in our public services—all decisions that the Conservatives opposed.
It is no wonder that after the first year of a Labour Government, business confidence is at a nine-year high.
That is longer than she has been in government—[Hon.
Members: “Withdraw!”]
I am not withdrawing that; I am going to repeat it.
Business confidence is at a nine-year high.
The Prime Minister says that he is not going to write the Budget, but his Chancellor is on the front of the Daily Mirror talking about what she is going to do on taxes, so why can he not do the same in the Chamber?
I asked him about pension contributions.
The truth is that he does not want to talk about pension contributions.
It is all right for the Prime Minister, because he has his own special law to stop his personal pension from being taxed.
But let us be honest: this is really about choices.
My party knows that there is an alternative to tax rises: cutting spending—something that the Government are too scared, or perhaps too weak, to do.
We offered to work with him to reform welfare and make meaningful savings, but his refusal sent a signal and now the cost of borrowing is rising.
The Budget is in November, which is months away and the markets may not wait.
What will the Prime Minister be doing over the summer to get a grip on the cost of borrowing?
The Conservatives left the most incredible mess in the economy, and now they think that they can lecture others.
Just last week their chairman said that they had done the necessary apologising for the 14 years of failure.
I did not hear an apology for the lowest living standards in living history.
I did not hear an apology for the £22 billion black hole.
I did not hear an apology for the Liz Truss mini-Budget.
Maybe the right hon.
Lady would like to stand up and make that apology now.
The Prime Minister is not planning to do anything this summer to fix the economy.
The shadow of the last Budget is hanging over the entire country.
Just yesterday, only the Conservatives supported the two-child benefit cap, because only the Conservatives believe in living within our means—not Labour, not the Liberal Democrats, not Reform.
But it is the end of term, so why don’t we go through the Prime Minister’s end-of-term scorecard?
The economy is contracting, inflation is the highest in the G7, unemployment is up every month under this Government, spending is out of control, borrowing costs are more expensive than in Greece—and this is just the first year.
The Labour party should be ashamed of what it is  doing to the country. [
Interruption.]
Labour Members can shake their heads as much as they like, but the fact is that this summer they will have to go to their constituents and explain why the Government have been making such a mess over the past 12 months.
And is it not the case, given that this is just their first year, that the worse is yet to come?
We are happily going to go to our constituents.
We will tell them that we promised 2 million extra NHS appointments and have delivered 4 million extra appointments.
I have to upgrade that—it is now 4.5 million extra appointments, so we will tell our constituents that.