The right hon.
Lady asked about the last week’s ICC finding.
We acknowledge the ICC Office of the Prosecutor’s critical findings that there are reasonable grounds to believe that war crimes and crimes against humanity may have well been committed, and are continuing to be committed, in Darfur.
This is an important milestone in the ICC’s investigation into crimes committed in Darfur, and the UK remains steadfast in its commitment to ensure that international humanitarian law is respected and breaches are called out and investigated.
The UK remains committed to securing accountability for those responsible for atrocity crimes.
This includes reporting the fact-finding mission’s mandate and the ICC’s ongoing investigation.
The right hon.
Lady mentioned the attack on El Fasher and the targeting of aid workers.
That is an absolute disgrace and a clear violation of international law, and we condemn it.
She asked what more we have been doing recently.
We attended the important consultative group on Sudan in Brussels on  26 June , and contributed to discussions with the UN Secretary-General’s personal envoy on Sudan, Ramtane Lamamra, on his plans to convene proximity talks with the warring parties, including on protection issues.
Finally, the right hon.
Lady raised the important question of the spending review.
As I am sure she is aware, we have a lot of lessons to learn from last time the aid budget was reduced, because the National Audit Office criticised the way those reductions were made in-year, without consultation, and questioned whether that was value for money.
Instead, the Government will take a long-term look at this, and have a glide principle over the three remaining years of this Parliament.
That this urgent question could have been relevant at any time in the past 20 years is a damning indictment of the failure of the international community.
This morning, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Huddersfield (Harpreet Uppal)  and I hosted Sudanese community voices alongside Médecins Sans Frontières, the British Medical Association and others, and we heard harrowing stories about what is happening on the ground.
Medical centres and hospitals are becoming battlegrounds and, as ever, women and children are bearing the brunt of the devastation.
The United Nations has called what is going on the “world’s largest humanitarian crisis”.
There are credible allegations of genocide, backed by both the US and the UN, and there are well-documented cases of war crime.
This is a war on civilians.
The UK, in its role as the UN penholder, must lead by example and convene international actors and leaders to urgent, concrete action.
Will the Minister set out what urgent action she plans to take in the next week, particularly given that Parliament will not be sitting again until September, by which time many more lives will have been devastatingly lost?
I thank my hon.
Friend her for her important work in pulling together groups—in particular aid workers whose focus is on medical relief—and for her role on the Foreign Affairs Committee.
I am sure she shares with me the worry about the news of a cholera outbreak in the region.
I thank her for her important work in that regard.
She also impresses on the House the importance of the UK’s support to women and girls.
The Foreign Secretary visited the Sudan-Chad border in January to raise awareness of Sudan, speaking directly to refugees, including survivors who shared harrowing stories of sexual violence and torture, and in March, Lord Collins, the Africa Minister, chaired a UN Security Council briefing on committing to the prevention of violence against women and girls in Sudan, but my hon.
Friend is quite right to say that this week, as the House comes towards its rising, we must do even more.
I will undertake to share this particular dialogue in the House with the Minister for Africa, so he can redouble his efforts in the month of August to ensure that the UK is well represented in international discussions.