My hon.
Friend is doing a superb job for Northumberland, and I am happy to set out what we have delivered.
We have delivered more than £400 million of funding for Northumberland county council this year—a 5.8% increase—as well as an 80% increase in the number of homes on which construction has started in my hon.
Friend’s area, a near £13 million increase in funding for Northumbria police, and 14 free breakfast clubs in Northumberland, supporting more than 3,000 children.
That is the difference that a Labour Government makes.
During my meetings with guests who are in my constituency under the Homes for Ukraine scheme, they have told me that they are worried about their visas running out, even with the 18-month extension.
They see reports of Ukrainians being refused asylum in the United Kingdom because it is said to be safe to return to Ukraine, even while Putin’s missiles explode in record numbers in Ukrainian cities.
Some of their children are working through two or three-year education courses, and are frightened of having to leave.
Will the Prime Minister meet them, and me, to hear about their plight and offer them some hope in this uncertain and dangerous world?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this matter.
We are proud to have offered or extended sanctuary to more than 300,000 Ukrainians and their families throughout the operation of the visa scheme since the invasion in 2022.
We do need to provide certainty and security for Ukrainians in the United Kingdom, and we will provide an additional 18 months’ permission to remain in the UK as well as continued rights to live, work and study here.
In 2017 I led a Select Committee inquiry that warned of an emerging disaster in special educational needs and disability services.
Those warnings went unheeded by the Conservatives, who left behind a broken system, which even they have since admitted is, “Lose, lose, lose.”
Can the Prime Minister confirm that this Labour Government’s rebuilt SEND system will be shaped by listening to the needs of SEN families, never again ignored but served in the best traditions of a Labour Government?
My hon.
Friend is right.
I think there is general agreement across the House that the system is broken, just like almost everything the Conservatives touched at the end of 14 miserable years.
It does not work for parents and it lets children down, and we will reform it.
We are already investing an additional £1 billion, but we need a system that truly supports every child.
We are developing proposals, and I want to work across the House in order to secure the right outcome.
For the final question, I call Pippa Heylings.
Yet again, we are suffering record-breaking heatwaves and drought.
That is worrying people in my constituency, which is both the fastest-growing and the most water-stressed area in the country.
The proposed fens reservoir is important, but will provide water only for the already ambitious house building plans, not the thousands of new homes that the Government propose.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the water crisis in Greater Cambridge is a deal-breaker for the Government’s growth plans, and will he, as a matter of urgency, help me to convene a ministerial roundtable with the Cambridge water scarcity group?
The hon.
Lady is right to draw attention to the drought and, more generally, the question of reservoirs.
It is shocking that a new reservoir has not been built for a very, very long time—none at all in the previous 14 years.
We are building now, and we are doing that alongside the infrastructure and housing that we also need to build.
We will work across the House on that.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Minister if she will make a statement on Britain’s response to the worsening situation in Sudan.
Sudan is the worst humanitarian crisis on record.