I also ask for my hon.
Friend’s patience; I will fold the second part of her question into the challenge I had from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cowdenbeath and Kirkcaldy (Melanie Ward)  on updating some of our policies and procedures that have not been updated since 2019.
I thank the Minister for her answers to all the questions and her strong words on our commitment.
I believe those words will encourage us all, and hopefully thereby encourage our constituents.
Sudan ranks fifth on the Open Doors world watch list for Christian persecution, with more than 100 churches and Christian buildings forcibly seized in the conflict, with the latest church destroyed just last week.
Christians are afraid to practise their faith, and the recent murder of 300 people in North Kordofan has underlined the valid reason that they live in fear.
How can the Government assist?
More importantly, will the Government intervene and help the people of this region, who are being exterminated just because they are Christians?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his relentless work in this House on freedom of religion or belief.
Of course, the region used to be so much more diverse, but the space for religious freedom has really  narrowed.
He is quite right to challenge that.
With his permission, I will share his thoughts with our freedom of religion or belief champion, my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Northumberland (David Smith) , so that we can work together on this issue and shine a spotlight on the lack of freedom for Christian communities in particular, but also for other minority communities in the Darfur region.
I am sure all hon.
Members will want to praise British diplomats for all they are doing on this difficult issue.
The potential catastrophic loss of ever more civilian life—not merely in the armed conflict, but in the resulting humanitarian catastrophe—means that the conscience of the world must lead to action, first and foremost through diplomacy.
Have the Government considered working with allies to ensure that all options remain on the table, given concepts like the responsibility to protect?
Given that Sudan has previously seen a genocide in Darfur, does the Minister agree that we must ensure that the international community does not once again have to say, “If only we had acted more robustly,” or, “Never again”?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his extensive work in civil society on these sorts of issues.
The current position is for us to engage extensively through diplomatic means to encourage all parties to come to the table.
We are very aware of the complexity of this particular conflict and the fact that it is not just two sides within the region, but a lot of other players.
We are uniquely positioned with our role on the United Nations Security Council and with our other partners; for instance, we do a lot with the League of Arab States and the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation.
We are using our diplomatic efforts double time at the moment, but I do hear what my hon.
Friend says.
Given that certain UN initiatives and efforts to address this humanitarian catastrophe have encountered a degree of reluctance, if not opposition, from states such as Russia, I was pleased to hear the Minister say that the Government are working closely with regional partners.
Will she elaborate on the work that is being done to support countries such as Egypt and multilateral organisations like the African Union to address this humanitarian crisis and, if not to broker a ceasefire, to ensure the unblocking of humanitarian aid?
I thank the hon.
Member for his long-standing interest in development.
I know that he will be pleased to hear that the participants with whom we worked at the London conference continue to be our partners in this endeavour.
They include Egypt, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Qatar, South Sudan, Chad, Kenya, Ethiopia and Uganda.