We will work across the House on that.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Minister if she will make a statement on Britain’s response to the worsening situation in Sudan.
Sudan is the worst humanitarian crisis on record.
Over 30 million people need aid, and 12 million people have been displaced.
Famine is spreading fast, and new reports confirm that the situation will deteriorate in the next three months.
Cholera is also now widespread.
Lifesaving assistance continues to be blocked by the parties.
Last month, five aid workers were killed in an appalling attack on a UN convoy that was delivering lifesaving aid to those fleeing violence in El Fasher.
The deliberate targeting of aid workers clearly violates international law.
As the United Nations Security Council penholder on Sudan, the UK led calls for accountability for such attacks, including through the UK-penned press statement on  12 June .
Last week, the International Criminal Court’s Office of the Prosecutor found reasonable grounds to believe that war crimes and crimes against humanity may well have been, and continue to be, committed in Darfur.
The perpetrators must be held to account.
The UK continues to play a leading role in ensuring that aid gets to where it is most needed.
In April, the Foreign Secretary brought together a broad coalition of partners to build consensus on strengthening humanitarian access.
The co-chairs’ statement called on the parties to facilitate humanitarian access in accordance with their commitments in the Jeddah declaration.
Over £810 million of funding for Sudan was announced, including £120 million of UK aid, which will support over 650,000 people this year.
In the absence of a ceasefire, the humanitarian situation will only worsen.
We continue to call on the warring parties to place the interests of the Sudanese people over their pursuit of a military victory.
The UK is working with our international partners to push the warring parties to return to the negotiating table and commit to a meaningful, sustainable ceasefire.
Any process that follows must be inclusive.
We underline the importance of a return to civilian rule that is democratic and representative of the whole country.
Moves by the Sudanese Armed Forces and the Rapid Support Forces to establish their own parallel Governments will only exacerbate de facto splits, and could lead to the permanent partition of Sudan.
That is in no one’s interests.
We will continue to use all diplomatic tools at our disposal to protect civilians, get aid to those who need it most, and support a Sudanese-led peace process with civilians at its heart.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question today.
I make no apologies for raising the dire and desperate straits of the Sudanese people again in this House, not least because Britain leads on the Sudanese situation at the United Nations on behalf of all other nations.
As the Minister said, the people of Sudan are in the throes  of the worst humanitarian catastrophe in the world and the situation is worsening, even if such things can hardly be imagined.
Earlier this month, the United Nations and international organisations reported the mass displacement of tens of thousands of people following the combatant forces advancing across the Kordofan states.
There have been months of increased mobilisation of fighters, including the recruitment of children from across Darfur.
As fighting expands, the Kordofan states are the next deadly front.
In the recent and welcome ministerial conference hosted by the Foreign Secretary, much-needed money was raised, but the goal of a high-level contact group to drive political efforts towards achieving a ceasefire and protecting Sudanese civilians met with an impasse.
We must accept that despite our efforts the past two years have been a story of faltering international endeavour where world events have cast Sudan into the shadows as its people have faced only deepening peril.
I ask the Minister three questions.