Does the Prime Minister agree that we need to speed up the roll-out of digital IDs, particularly to help our police and immigration staff crack down on this grey market that ruins our high streets and undercuts the pay of British workers?
My hon.
Friend is an excellent champion for Rochdale and, I know, a strong supporter of his local police and trading standards teams.
Since we came to power, we have ramped up enforcement raids on illegal working.
Arrests have gone up by 50%, and we are tightening the law on delivery drivers.
Digital ID will help us to tackle illegal working, and we are rolling out the use of e-visas to have digital records of immigration status and allowing on-the-spot checks of anybody’s right to work.
Severe  pregnancy sickness—hyperemesis gravidarum, or HG—can mean vomiting more than 20 times a day.
It causes physical discomfort, acute malnutrition and severe dehydration, which often leads to hospitalisation.
It has profound and long-lasting mental health consequences.
It was recently reported that a woman took her own life after being denied access to the only licensed treatment, Xonvea—tragically, her unborn child died too.
The drug is licensed and available, yet women face a cruel postcode lottery to access it.
Will the Prime Minister work urgently with the Department of Health and Social Care to end this scandal, so that every woman who needs Xonvea can get it, wherever she lives?
Will he meet with me and campaigners to look at this as a matter of urgency?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this really important issue.
I am obviously incredibly sorry to hear about the tragic case that he mentions.
As he will know, the availability of this drug is regulated across the NHS by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence, which makes decisions on which treatments provide the best care for patients while maintaining value for money for the taxpayer.
I will make sure that he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to see what more can be done to get this treatment to patients who need it.
In  Stockport, approximately 20% of families live in social housing.
After Stockport Liberal Democrat and Conservative councillors blocked the Greater Manchester spatial framework proposal in 2020, the need for social housing is even more critical.
Far too many families are living in insecure, overcrowded accommodation and waiting years for a suitable family home.
I welcome Labour’s record-breaking £39 billion investment in social and affordable housing, and I want to ensure that communities such as mine in Stockport are prioritised.
Can the Prime Minister confirm that these homes will be built and will be affordable?
Will he look again at suspending the right to buy?
We are delivering the biggest boost to social and affordable housing in a generation, and we are proud to do so.
Our £39 billion investment will deliver around 300,000 social and affordable homes, with at least 60% of homes delivered for social rent.
While we do not intend to remove the right to buy, which helps social tenants to get on the property ladder, we are reforming the scheme to protect social housing stock and encourage councils to deliver more new homes.
A much better understanding of the particular needs of autistic and neurodiverse children is vital to expanding capacity in mainstream education for pupils with special educational needs and disabilities.
As the Prime Minister looks at the SEND Bill over the summer, can I urge him to introduce mandatory training for all teachers and staff on autism and neurodiversity?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for that contribution, because parents and children have been failed far too often.
We are committing an additional £1 billion to SEND, but there must be meaningful reform alongside it, and new teachers must have the appropriate training.
We are committed to reviewing that and to working with parents and teachers, and we will take away his suggestion.