We are happily going to go to our constituents.
We will tell them that we promised 2 million extra NHS appointments and have delivered 4 million extra appointments.
I have to upgrade that—it is now 4.5 million extra appointments, so we will tell our constituents that.
Then we will tell them about the free school meals we are rolling out, the free breakfast clubs, the free childcare, and school uniform costs.
We will tell them about that.
When we have done that, we will move on to affordable houses and tell them about the £39 billion we are investing.
When we are finished with that, we will tell them about the rail and road upgrades across the country, the £120 billion investment and, of course, the three trade deals—and we are only just getting started.
The Prime Minister will never know exactly how much it meant to victims of the troubles in Northern Ireland, from right across society, when he came, looked them in their eyes and promised them that no murderer would be immune from prosecution.
Can he tell us when he last spoke to the Taoiseach about the shared approach to this issue, and will he recommit today to those victims, to ensure that no murderer will be seen to be above the law?
This is a really important issue, and can I begin by saying that I have a profound respect and debt to our veterans who served?
This is a complicated issue and we have to get it right.
Veterans are at risk because of the false promises of the last Government.
Let us be clear: the last Government made a false promise of immunity that does not exist.
It was unlawful, it was struck down, and it was undeliverable.
Their failed legacy Act leaves veterans exposed with no settled process.
We will create a secure, transparent system that protects veterans from unjustified persecution and gives victims, families and survivors the confidence they need in the process.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
May I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s words about the shocking Afghan data breach under the previous Government, which was kept secret for three years?
He will have our support if he decides to pursue a public inquiry.
I know that the Prime Minister will agree that the shocking rise of antisemitism that we have seen since Hamas’s  7 October  terror attacks has no place in our society.
British Jews should not have to live in fear of hatred, racism and abuse on our streets or online.
A new report from the Board of Deputies’ commission on antisemitism, chaired by Lord Mann and Dame Penny Mordaunt, has set out 10 recommendations to tackle this appalling scourge.
Will the Prime Minister study this report, and will his Government respond to it in full?
Yes, we will.
We must fight antisemitism wherever we find it, as we must fight all hate offences, crimes and incidents wherever we find them.
I thank the Prime Minister for that reply.
I hope that we will see more action to tackle antisemitism.
Turning to the middle east, the world is looking on in horror at the scenes from Gaza, and now Netanyahu’s Ministers want to lock the whole population of Gaza into what is effectively a giant prison—a plan that would clearly amount to ethnic cleansing, as former Israeli Prime Minister Olmert has said.
Does the Prime Minister agree that that is utterly abhorrent and unacceptable?
Will he make it clear to the Israeli Government that the UK will not stand idly by and will act, starting by sanctioning Prime Minister Netanyahu himself?
I am appalled by the suggestions in relation to Gaza, just as I am appalled by the reports of yet more civilians being killed while trying to access aid.
On both fronts, I am appalled by what we are seeing and hearing, and we raise that regularly, as the right hon.