Yet in a January sitting of the Welsh Affairs Committee, the Welsh Secretary roundly criticised Welsh rail before claiming:
“That is a direct consequence, I am afraid, of the last 14 years of underfunding”.
As usual, this Government’s words and beliefs and the reality are poles apart.
This Labour Government are now offering peanuts—just a miserable £400 million over an entire decade.
Will the Secretary of State retract her past claims to the Welsh Affairs Committee and the similar ones that have been made on the Wales Office Government social media accounts?
No, I will not.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the classification of the Oxford to Cambridge rail line as an England and Wales transport project on Wales.
The hon.
Member will know that that was an error made under the previous Conservative Government.
Heavy rail infrastructure is reserved in Wales and, like every heavy rail project in England, Barnett consequentials do not apply.
The UK Government’s rail network enhancements pipeline funds East West Rail—or Ox-Cam rail, as it is more commonly known—and also directly funds projects in Wales, such as the historic at least £445 million investment in rail in Wales that was announced in the June spending review.
The Government have claimed that listing the Oxford to Cambridge rail line as “England-only” on past documents was just an accounting error by the Conservative Government and that the project has not been reclassified to deprive Wales of funding, but four separate Government documents list it as “England-only”, and over £1 million in Barnett consequentials were already paid to Wales on that basis.
Does the Secretary of State honestly stand by her claim that it has just been reclassified and that this is not intended to deprive Wales of fair funding?
As I have just explained, an error was made by the previous Conservative Government.
Heavy rail was and always is reserved.
The Welsh Government will not be required to re-pay any Barnett consequentials provided to them as a result of any error that took place under the Conservative Government.
The Welsh Government allocated over £1 billion to transport in their recent Budget.
This investment comes after 14 years of critical under-investment by the Conservatives, and it should hopefully provide funding to stations such as Ely Mill in my constituency.
Can the Secretary of State tell me why the Welsh Conservatives and Plaid Cymru voted against this investment, which would mean extra funding to fix our roads, build new trains and improve our buses?
The Opposition’s decision to vote against the additional funding was inexplicable, as was their decision to vote against extra money for the NHS, for   education and for businesses—I could go on.
They stand here and criticise this Government while they vote against extra money for Wales.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on family farms in Wales.
The Government are steadfastly committed to family farms in Wales, which is why we protected the farm budget at its current level and allocated £337 million to the Welsh Government at the autumn Budget.
Furthermore, at the UK-EU summit on  19 May  the Prime Minister announced that the UK would deliver a new agrifood deal with the European Union.
Routine sanitary and phytosanitary border checks will be eliminated, with less paperwork and fewer costs.
British goods such as dairy, fish, eggs and red meat currently subject to 100% documentary checks and up to 30% physical checks will see those removed entirely.
Although the aims of the sustainable farming scheme are laudable, many farmers across Wales are expressing real concern about its complexity, the potential reduction in food production and the adequacy of the financial support on offer.
What assurances can the Minister give that the scheme will be simplified, sufficiently funded and implemented in a way that supports both the environmental goals and the economic viability of Welsh farming communities?