British goods such as dairy, fish, eggs and red meat currently subject to 100% documentary checks and up to 30% physical checks will see those removed entirely.
Although the aims of the sustainable farming scheme are laudable, many farmers across Wales are expressing real concern about its complexity, the potential reduction in food production and the adequacy of the financial support on offer.
What assurances can the Minister give that the scheme will be simplified, sufficiently funded and implemented in a way that supports both the environmental goals and the economic viability of Welsh farming communities?
The scheme will have a transition period, with the basic payment scheme available for those not in the SFS, although that will be reduced by 40% next year.
The Welsh Government are prioritising their money on the SFS to encourage farmers to join the scheme and start benefiting from it.
The Farming Union of Wales has said that the plan provides
“workable payment rates and much needed stability for the sector.”
The Welsh Government’s budget contains over £300 million to support Welsh farmers.
Is it not the case that Plaid Cymru and the Tories put Welsh farmers’ livelihoods at risk by voting against that crucial money?
Indeed, it is absolutely shocking that Plaid Cymru and the Tories in the Senedd voted against a budget that is giving that money to Welsh farmers.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for offshore wind in Wales.
In June, the Crown Estate announced that it will partner with Equinor and Gwynt Glas to develop floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea.
Those projects will create over 5,000 new jobs and will leverage £1.4 billion in private investment.
This will deliver generational  change in Wales.
We are supporting the industry with an £80 million investment in Port Talbot port and a £1 billion clean energy supply chain fund to support offshore wind across the UK.
Meur ras ha myttin da, Mr Speaker—or should I say “Diolch yn fawr”?
The proposed floating offshore wind farms in the Celtic sea lie between the two ancient Celtic nations of Wales and Cornwall.
The Celtic sea not only will be a valuable source of renewable energy but has the potential to create thousands of jobs across south Wales and Cornwall.
Does the Secretary of State agree that local funding for economic development is essential to realise that potential and that, working hand in hand with Cornwall, Wales will play a key role in helping to unleash the Cornish Celtic tiger?
My hon.
Friend is right that floating offshore wind presents significant opportunities for Wales and the UK.
In the leasing round that just took place we had a first-mover advantage in this technology of the future.
Earlier this month, the Energy Secretary granted development consent for the Mona offshore wind farm, which will bolster north Wales’s offshore wind industry.
All of that is contributing to securing our energy independence and bringing down bills for people in Cornwall, Wales and the rest of the UK.
I call Jim Shannon. [
Interruption.]
I know that cheer was not for me, Mr Speaker.
When it comes to offshore wind in Wales, the waters in which that offshore wind energy will be generated are the same waters that flow by Northern Ireland, the same waters that flow by England and the same waters that flow by Scotland.
Is it not time to have an offshore wind strategy for the whole United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
If we do it together, we will do it better.
I always believe that we do things better when we do them together.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of increases in defence spending on Wales.
We are committed to spending 5% of the UK’s GDP on national security by 2035.