In the recent and welcome ministerial conference hosted by the Foreign Secretary, much-needed money was raised, but the goal of a high-level contact group to drive political efforts towards achieving a ceasefire and protecting Sudanese civilians met with an impasse.
We must accept that despite our efforts the past two years have been a story of faltering international endeavour where world events have cast Sudan into the shadows as its people have faced only deepening peril.
I ask the Minister three questions.
First, what lessons have the Government learned from the siege of El Fasher and the overwhelming of the camp for displaced people at Zamzam to prepare for and protect civilians from the spread of violence across the Kordofan states?
How are the Government supporting the local emergency response rooms?
Secondly, can she confirm that the prevention of atrocities remains a key pillar of British policy and is unaffected by the recent cuts in the development budget?
Thirdly, and finally, what are the Government doing to advance international efforts to protect civilians alongside their pursuit of a ceasefire?
Are we to assume the Jeddah process is dead?
What discussions has she had with her counterparts in the United States over recent weeks?
I thank  the right hon.
Member for Sutton Coldfield (Sir Andrew Mitchell)  for his questions and his long-standing interest not just in Africa in general, but particularly in this awful conflict in Sudan.
Of course, Sudan is also a personal priority for the Foreign Secretary, which is why he brought together Foreign Ministers to try to find a resolution.
The Prime Minister has reiterated that the UK will continue to play a key humanitarian role, evidenced by the £120 million of UK aid announced for Sudan this year.
On the right hon.
Gentleman’s question in relation to the work post-Jeddah, we are working to sustain the momentum of the actions agreed at the conference.
We continue to work with multilateral institutions, including the African Union, to ensure strong African leadership in response to the conflict.
We have also joined the EU-convened consultative group on Sudan in June and we have initiated a friends of Sudan grouping in Geneva to advance our work on the protection of civilians, because the right hon.
Gentleman is right to say that international law in this regard places a heavy emphasis on prevention of conflict and of atrocities.
We continue to identify opportunities to use our role as penholder on Sudan in the UN Security Council and to galvanise UN Security Council action on the conflict in Sudan.
The right hon.
Gentleman also specifically asked about the situation in the El Fasher camps and I want to reassure him that the UK is doing all it can, but the question is always about access.
We have the money, we have the workers; it is access that we need in order to provide that lifesaving aid.
That is the nub of the issue, which we are working on.
Not a single person in my Sudanese diaspora community in Sheffield has not been affected by the horrific violence in Sudan, but the most harrowing part for them is not the regular communication jams blocking parent from child and brother from sister, or the multiple displacements of millions of the most vulnerable people, or indeed the famine ripping through the population; the worst part is that while this, the worst humanitarian crisis in the world, is breaking every boundary we know, world powers continue to look away.
The UK Government have a unique position as penholder for Sudan, and at the UN Security Council I appreciate that we called for a ceasefire through a resolution, but the resolution set no deadline for concluding the ceasefire and authorised no enforcement mission.