That is the nub of the issue, which we are working on.
Not a single person in my Sudanese diaspora community in Sheffield has not been affected by the horrific violence in Sudan, but the most harrowing part for them is not the regular communication jams blocking parent from child and brother from sister, or the multiple displacements of millions of the most vulnerable people, or indeed the famine ripping through the population; the worst part is that while this, the worst humanitarian crisis in the world, is breaking every boundary we know, world powers continue to look away.
The UK Government have a unique position as penholder for Sudan, and at the UN Security Council I appreciate that we called for a ceasefire through a resolution, but the resolution set no deadline for concluding the ceasefire and authorised no enforcement mission.
So, Minister, what are we doing to enforce accountability for the shameful complicity of states backing the warring sides, and when will we push for an agreement to a ceasefire so the people of Sudan can be free from this horror?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who is a loud voice here on behalf her Sudanese diaspora.
The most important things the UK can do to build on the momentum of the important London Sudan conference—bearing in mind that we were the first to have such a conference—are to continue to base our work on the statement from its co-chairs; to continue, as she says, to use our role at the United Nations; and to work through the new friends of Sudan grouping to keep pushing at the highest level, using our position on the UN Security Council to galvanise its action and continue the important supply of aid into the region.
I call the shadow Minister.
I am grateful to you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question, and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sutton Coldfield (Sir Andrew Mitchell)  for pursuing this matter.
The situation in Sudan is dire.
We are deeply concerned by the International Criminal Court’s findings last week that there are reasonable grounds to believe that war crimes and crimes against humanity may be being committed in Darfur.
The humanitarian situation continues to deteriorate, with the UN warning on  30 June  of drastic cuts to life-saving food aid for Sudanese refugees fleeing to neighbouring countries.
Sudan has been identified as the global hunger hotspot of highest concern, and without immediate humanitarian assistance, the risk is terrible.
With recent attacks on UN aid convoys, can the Minister provide her latest assessment of the situation and the extent of aid blocking?
How is she ensuring that UK aid—including the £120 million announced at the April Sudan conference—will reach those who need it, and that aid workers are protected?
More broadly, what new measures are the Government taking to compel the warring parties into a ceasefire, to allow more aid in and to facilitate deconfliction for its delivery in the meantime?
How has the Minister supported Sudanese civilian and political forces to engage in constructive dialogue processes such as the Cairo conference, and what is her assessment of the effectiveness of these processes?
Despite the spending review, we are yet to  understand what the 0.3% figure means for bilateral aid, so will she confirm the bilateral spend for Sudan this year?
Sudan matters.
It is not in the UK’s national interests for the crossing of red lines in this conflict to persist, to have the displacement of people on this scale, nor to see the further destabilisation of this region of Africa.
The right hon.
Lady asked about the last week’s ICC finding.
We acknowledge the ICC Office of the Prosecutor’s critical findings that there are reasonable grounds to believe that war crimes and crimes against humanity may have well been committed, and are continuing to be committed, in Darfur.