The right hon.
Lady’s claims about the economy on  their watch are about as credible as her place at Stanford University. [
Interruption.]
She leaves out of her account, because she wants to talk down the country, that we have the highest growth in the G7.
I look forward to her getting up and welcoming that.
We have had five interest rate cuts in a row, and, of course, £120 billion of investment in the first year of a Labour Government.
That is a record.
It is a terrible record.
I stand by every single thing that I have said.
The Prime Minister cannot say why borrowing is higher under him.
I will tell him why it is higher: it is because the Chancellor changed the fiscal rules so that she could borrow record amounts.
She maxed out the country’s credit card, and that has pushed up borrowing costs.
These are their bad choices.
Former members of the Monetary Policy Committee are warning that
“we are heading for an economic crash”.
Why does the Prime Minister think that he is right and they are wrong?
The right hon.
Lady cannot resist it—she comes straight back to talk the country down at every opportunity.
She does not welcome the highest growth in the G7.
She could have got up and welcomed that, but no.
What about the 380,000 jobs that we have created?
She could welcome that, but no.
What about the three trade deals that we have?
Not only does she not welcome them; she opposes them.
And, of course, she has not welcomed the Norway deal—the biggest deal for shipbuilding in a very, very long time.
She should stop talking down the country and get behind the renewal that this Government are delivering.
The Prime Minister is dragging down the country.
He is dragging it down.
How can he stand there and say that he is creating jobs?
Unemployment has gone up in every single month under this Labour Government.
He does not know why borrowing costs are going up.
Another reason is that the markets can see that he is too weak to control spending.
Now we are reading that he wants to have another go at welfare costing.
What makes him think that Labour Members will vote for it this time?
I think I saw that the Leader of the Opposition said this to The Sunday Times at the weekend:
“I have inherited a gigantic mess and I’m cleaning it up.”
She said:
“It’s very difficult…it’s going to take a while.”
I know exactly how she feels.
More!
We are not the ones referring ourselves to ethics advisers.
The fact is that he is floundering.
He—[Interruption.]
Perhaps he should have a read—[Interruption.]
Order.
Perhaps he should have a read of the—[Interruption.]
Order.
We do not want to start the session with someone leaving, do we?
If someone wants to volunteer, please do so.
If not, I will choose one.
Labour Members can do the fake cheers as much as they like.
The whole country knows what a mess of the economy they are making.
It is clear that taxes are going up for everyone—except, perhaps, the Deputy Prime Minister.
I warned before the summer that we would face weeks of speculation about which taxes would be going up.
The former head of the Institute for Fiscal Studies has said:
“This sort of…uncertainty is actively damaging to the economy.”
And now we find that we have to wait until  26 November  for a Budget.
Does the Prime Minister really think that the country, or the markets, can wait that long?
The right hon.
Lady said that the Opposition were not referring themselves to the ethics advisers.
That is among the reasons they got booted out of office last year.
She complains that we are going through the due process for a Budget and going through the necessary steps.