Lady said that the Opposition were not referring themselves to the ethics advisers.
That is among the reasons they got booted out of office last year.
She complains that we are going through the due process for a Budget and going through the necessary steps.
We tried a Budget on their watch without going through those steps.
What happened?
They blew up the economy.
We will take no lessons from them.
This is desperate stuff from the Prime Minister.
This week, he had another reset.
This morning, the Prime Minister scrapped his five missions.
After scrapping his three foundations, his six first steps for change and his seven pillars for growth, the truth is that this man has got no clue—zero clue.
But this is serious.
The Prime Minister’s incompetence is hurting real people.
They are losing their jobs and the cost of everything is going up, from energy bills to the weekly shop.
This is a crisis made in Downing Street.
Is it not the truth that he is too weak to change course, and too arrogant to admit he got things wrong?
I do not know what social media sites the right hon.
Lady has been on this morning, but I think the chair of the Tory party said that this Government are the “firefighters”.
Well, in a sense we are, because we are putting out the fires that the Conservatives created.
They were the arsonists—the biggest fall in living standards on record, blowing up the finances.
We have spent the first year putting out their fires—quite right too—but now we are delivering on the cost of living: funded childcare worth £7,500 for working families, free breakfast clubs and opening new school-based nurseries.
That is what we are fighting for: the best start for every child in this country.
The Mayor of the West Midlands, Richard Parker, is delivering growth and jobs by backing SMEs such as Booghe Toys in my constituency, which has just doubled in size.
Will the Prime Minister join me in praising this success and confirm that boosting ambitious small and medium-sized businesses across the UK remains a key priority of his Government?
May I recognise and congratulate the businesses in my hon.
Friend’s constituency?
We have published our small business plan, which was very  well received.
It includes new rules; cracking down on late payments, which has long been asked for; a £3 billion boost to more business loans; and fairer business rate systems to support small businesses.
That is why it was so warmly received.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
On behalf of my hon.
Friends on these Benches, may I join the Leader of the Opposition in sending our condolences to the family of David Warburton?
I am sure the whole House will join me in paying tribute to Annette Brooke, who served in this House for 14 years and sadly passed away last month.
Annette dedicated her life to public service and serving the people of Dorset, and she is greatly missed.
We have all seen the horrifying images from Gaza: the babies so thin from starvation that you can see their skeletons; the bodies of children killed while queuing for water; the emaciated hostages still held captive by Hamas.
The Prime Minister has rightly said he wants to stop all that, so when the one man in the world who has the power to stop that comes to our country on a state visit, will the Prime Minister look President Trump in the eye and urge him to use his influence on Netanyahu and Qatar to make it stop?
May I join the right hon.
Gentleman in his comments about Annette Brooke, and also in his description of the horrifying situation in Gaza?
It is horrifying.
We are looking at a man-made famine, on top of everything else.