I am sure that the whole House has sympathy for the case that the hon.
Gentleman has outlined.
I understand that the inquest is ongoing, but to answer the substantive point of his question, children’s and adult social care have historically not always been what victims felt they could rely on, with many cases to demonstrate that over the years.
Without doubt—as I sit next to the Secretary of State for Education—the work with my office, with the Ministry of Justice and with her office to ensure that that is handled in the violence against women and girls strategy, and more broadly, is at the top of the agenda for all of us.
Will my hon.
Friend use this opportunity to remind the House how many women and girls are vulnerable to people they know, as distinct from people they do not know?
Will she also use this opportunity to condemn elected politicians who peddle misinformation about who is most at risk and where the targets really are?
I do not have in front of me the exact data that my hon.
Friend has requested—I am not entirely sure that exact data exists—but what I can say, based on decades of experience, is that women and girls in our country are far more at risk from people who know our names, and whose names we know, and who we work among and live alongside.
The idea of “stranger danger” is one that most women do not recognise; the people they fear are people they know.
The Parole Board is extremely concerned about the impact on domestic abuse victims of the Sentencing Bill that is now before the House.
I urge her to keep in close discussion with members of the Parole Board and with the Justice Secretary as the Bill progresses.
I absolutely make that commitment here today.
Throughout the progress of any such sentencing changes, the Home Office, the Minister with responsibility  for victims and I have been heavily involved, and we will continue to be ensure that, despite the difficult situation that we were left, every possible safeguard is in place.
The Minister will know that the rise of platforms such as OnlyFans has led to the mainstream commercialisation of women’s bodies.
Does she agree that if we are to tackle violence against women and girls, we must look at pornography prostitution?
Will she commit to working with colleagues in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology to ensure that that is included in the violence against women and girls strategy?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; a strategy on violence against women and girls that did not include the online elements that she highlights, as well as others, would not be worth its salt.
I commit to continue to work with DSIT colleagues on those issues.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help improve the quality of maternity care for women.
It is unacceptable that women are experiencing poor maternity care.
An investigation has been launched to understand the underlying systemic issues and develop national recommendations so that women receive the care that they deserve.
We are also taking immediate action to improve accountability and better identify safety concerns.
That includes rolling out a programme to tackle discrimination and racism.
Sadly, Bedford hospital’s maternity services were downgraded to “inadequate” last year, and its gold standard home birth service has recently been reduced.
Will the Minister ensure that the review examines why choices for birthing services are still being cut?
Will he guarantee improved outcomes in maternity and perinatal care, so that all women can access safe, personalised, high-quality care?
My hon.
Friend is a strong campaigner on this issue for his constituents.
The Care Quality Commission has committed to monitoring maternity services at Bedford hospitals closely, including through further inspections, to ensure that people receive safe care while improvements are implemented.