What have we seen on unemployment since this Government have been in office?
It has increased every single month since they have been in power.
The right hon.
Gentleman has spent the past five minutes circling around figures gathered by a consultancy that aids the super-wealthy to migrate from this country.
Where is the Conservative party getting its economic ideas from?
It speaks volumes that he has spent so much time up to this point speaking for the 15,000 high net worth individuals served by that consultancy; and his previous point was about inheritance tax, which is paid by only 4% of all estates in the UK.
If he has any ideas, what will the Conservative party do to grow the economy for the benefit of all people in this country?
The hon.
Lady asks where we are getting our ideas from; where we are not getting them from is from academics and researchers who believe in taxing wealth and who now sit there on the Treasury Bench, or in other places where they advise No.
10.
They talk on a regular basis about taxing property, wealth, shares and assets of any description that they can think of, but that is the road to ruin.
She asked where we get our ideas from, and I will tell her.
I set up my own business in the 1980s, from absolutely nothing.
I grew it from scratch, and then I took it over to America and grew a business there.
I have lived, breathed and eaten business most of my life.
I also go up and down the country to speak to other such businesses.
They are the people who understand what needs to be done on the tax front and who have to live with the red tape that her party is bringing in to tie them down.
They are the people whom this party is listening to.
The right hon.
Gentleman has talked at great length about taxing the wealthy, but he has omitted one of the suggestions that came forth over the summer, which was to get rid of the punitive council tax system, which taxes poverty and deprivation in this country.
The former Conservative leader of Hartlepool borough council famously cheered when he put up council tax on deprived people in Hartlepool.
Why are the Conservative party and now Reform—that former Conservative leader has now defected to Reform—so attached to that regressive system?
I think that council tax, different variants of it, revaluations and so on are things that Government should look at, because we do not want them to be entirely static; there can always be reform and change.
I will observe, however, that the average  council tax paid in Labour areas is demonstrably higher than the equivalent taxes in Conservative areas.
That comes down to the approach that a Conservative council takes to spending and to ensuring that councils are efficiently run, rather than the profligate approach of the Labour party.
One of the suggestions made to the Government earlier this year was from Conservative-run Hampshire county council, to increase the council tax on my constituents by 15%.
That was blocked by this Government, by the Secretary of State.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman join me in condemning Conservative-run Hampshire county council’s proposal to increase council tax by 15%?
I am not going to get into specific things going on in the hon.
Gentleman’s area.
How can I be expected to opine with authority on something of that nature relating to his constituency? [
Interruption.]
Hold on.
My general point stands: the simple fact is that Labour-controlled local authorities charge more in council tax than Conservative-run councils do.
rose—
Order.
Members cannot keep standing up and waving their hands in the air; the right hon.
Gentleman has to give way.
What the right hon.
Gentleman has said is not a fact.