He abhorred the demonisation of asylum seekers, including those desperate enough to cross the channel in small boats.
Figures published by the House of Commons Library show that the number of asylum seekers who are forced to cross increased dramatically after Brexit, as a result of our leaving the Dublin regulation.
Instead of punching down and joining in with the victim blaming of Reform and the Conservatives, will the Prime Minister reject their isolationism and look to rejoin the Dublin convention, which every other country in western Europe has joined?
There is nothing progressive about people crossing the channel in small boats—nothing at all.
We need to ensure that that stops.
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman on the question of the Dublin agreement.
We had a returns agreement with the whole of Europe, but it was ripped up when we left the EU by people who made promises that that would not be the case.
We are rebuilding that relationship—we have reset it—and we now have a returns agreement with France.
We would not need a single returns scheme with France if we had not ripped up the Dublin agreement.
We are at a very dangerous political moment, with opinion polls warning that for the first time in our country’s history, we risk the election of an extremist far-right Government.
We all have a duty to prevent that.
To do so, do we not need to rebuild support through a return to real Labour values, with real action to tackle poverty and inequality, a wealth tax on the super-rich, and ethical foreign policy that takes a strong, principled stand on war crimes, whoever commits them?
We do stand at an important moment: we can have the politics of renewal under this Government, or the politics of grievance under Reform.
Reform does not want to fix the problems; it wants the grievance to continue.
The last thing it wants is improvement in the lives of working people in this country, because it feeds off the problems and grievances being there.
That is the difference.
Admiral Lord West was head of the Royal Navy, Chief of Defence Intelligence and a Labour Security Minister, and he sits on the Intelligence and Security Committee.
When he writes in the national press denouncing what he calls the
“disgraceful decision to hand over ownership of the Chagos archipelago”,
adding that he does
“not accept that the move is ‘absolutely vital for our defence and intelligence’, as the Prime Minister claims”,
should we rely on his professional judgment or not?
I have the misfortune to disagree with him.
New mums and dads in my constituency tell me that one of the things they worry about most is whether they can afford the childcare that they need to be able to go back to work.
That is why it is great that parents will be able to save up to £7,500 a year on nursery fees, thanks to this Labour Government.
Does the Prime Minister agree that not only is investing in childcare important for tackling the cost of living crisis, but it will help to remove barriers to deciding to have children in the first place?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this matter.
I was very proud to make our announcement about childcare on Monday.
As she says, rightly, it will save families on average £7,500 in a cost of living crisis, but crucially, it also applies from nine months to four years.
Under the previous Government, there was a disparity at age four between children arriving at reception, with some barely out of nappies, and others quite articulate.
That locks in inequality for  life.
I am really pleased that the measure that we announced on Monday unlocks that, ensuring that every single child aged four gets to the starting line in reception with a fair chance of going as far as their talents will take them.