The Minister will be aware that many trans people with gender recognition certificates followed all the legal processes in good faith, often over many years, and made legally binding commitments to live in their required gender for life.
Yet now that they find themselves legally bound to live in one gender, they are at the same time being denied access to services and facilities aligned with that gender.
How does the Minister plan to resolve those contradictory legal obligations, and what will she do to provide immediate support to the trans community?
The European Court of Human Rights has confirmed that at least 19 public bodies, including organisations across the policing, education and health sectors, are misrepresenting the law on single-sex spaces.
That is a breach of the Equality Act 2010, as confirmed by the recent Supreme Court ruling.
Has the Minister been told which bodies they are, and how can women and girls have any confidence in them if they are knowingly and deliberately breaking the law?
My hon.
Friend is doing an amazing job of talking about the importance of small hospitality businesses to the local community.
Does he agree that that extends beyond economic value to their value more generally?
The Golden Smog, a friendly family pub in my constituency, supports an inclusive basketball team and has raised £700,000 from its annual “pALEgrimage”—it is like a pilgrimage but involves ale, so it is even better.
Will he join me in congratulating that pub?
This Government are focused on breaking down barriers to opportunity for everyone.
We are backing working families, saving them £7,500 through rolling out 30 hours of Government-funded childcare and rolling out free breakfast clubs in our schools.
Building on the proud legacy of Sure Start, we will deliver 100 Best Start family hubs to give every child the best start in life.
We are opening 10 new construction technical excellence colleges, backing our young people to learn a trade and to get on.
Our plan for change will deliver for everyone.
The Minister for Women and Equalities was asked—
What recent discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for Justice on the potential merits of creating new domestic abuse aggravated offences.
The Government are absolutely committed to tackling the scourge of domestic abuse and halving violence against women and girls in a decade.
We are implementing a domestic abuse identifier at sentencing to ensure consistent recognition of domestic abuse offenders across the whole justice system.
That will strengthen victim protection and offender management, delivering on a recommendation made by the independent sentencing review.
I am sickened by the frequency with which I hear from victims and survivors of domestic abuse about the ways in which the criminal justice system has aggravated their trauma.
One constituent recently told me that she was living in fear after her abuser was released early and the Probation Service failed to enforce probation conditions.
Another has seen the charges against her ex-partner scheduled for criminal trial in two years’ time, and in the meantime he continues to exert control through the family courts.
Will the Minister meet me to review what has gone wrong in those two cases and what lessons can be learned about how to use identifiers of aggravation to give victims and survivors more protection?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that question and for all his work to amplify the voices of victims and survivors.
Like him, I am sickened by the treatment of the majority of women and girls who go through this in our criminal justice system.
He will know that we inherited a criminal justice system in absolute crisis.
That is why we conducted a once-in-a-generation review of our courts process—the Leveson review—which the Government will respond to shortly, and a once-in-a-generation sentencing review, to consider exactly the issues that he is talking about.
I will happily meet him to discuss this further.