My hon.
Friend is a strong campaigner on this issue for his constituents.
The Care Quality Commission has committed to monitoring maternity services at Bedford hospitals closely, including through further inspections, to ensure that people receive safe care while improvements are implemented.
The investigation will seek to understand the systemic issues behind why so many women, babies and families experience unacceptable care.
The chair is working with families to finalise the terms of reference for the investigations and those will be published shortly.
Does the Minister agree that listening to the voices of bereaved families who have lost their babies is of essential importance?
If he does, will he listen to the calls of Sussex families to appoint Donna Ockenden to lead their review?
I agree that it is vital to listen to those voices; it will not be possible to get to the bottom of why care is not of an acceptable standard without hearing those voices.
I have heard what the hon.
Lady has said about Donna Ockenden and I will certainly take that away to discuss with ministerial colleagues.
I call the Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee.
Trauma during childbirth can have lifelong and debilitating impacts.
Failing maternity services are felt by all, but especially by families from low-income and ethnic minority backgrounds.
In my constituency, where too many already experience health inequalities, Luton and Dunstable hospital’s maternity unit has recently been downgraded to “inadequate” by the Care Quality Commission.
Does the Minister agree with me that mothers and babies deserve better?
What cross-departmental work is taking place to ensure that NHS trusts across the country improve maternity care?
My hon.
Friend is campaigning strongly for her constituents on this issue.
We are establishing the maternity and neonatal national taskforce, which will develop a national plan to drive improvements across maternity and neonatal care.
It will be chaired by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care and made up of a panel of experts, and family, charity and staff representatives.
I was pleased to learn that my hon.
Friend met Baroness Merron in June to discuss maternity care in Luton North.
Post maternity, many women suffer female pelvic prolapse, but I am unable to get any answers on the matter of surgical mesh implants.
Will the Minister please work with his counterparts at the Department of Health and Social Care to get a realistic update on exactly what has happened as a result of the Hughes report, and give me the information about meetings between the Department and the Patient Safety Commissioner about progress on those recommendations?
I will absolutely raise the issue with colleagues in the Department and we will write to the hon.
Lady urgently with the answers she is looking for.
I call the shadow Minister.
Once again, this Labour Government have failed women and girls through their inaction and blinkered mindset on safety in their communities and their slow action on the 2024 birth trauma inquiry report by Theo Clarke and  the hon.
Member for Canterbury (Rosie Duffield) .
That report recommended a national maternity strategy, which we committed to.
Over a year on, a so-called rapid inquiry announced in June only has a chair with no experience in maternity services and an expectation to fix this national scandal by the end of the year.
That is asking too much of one woman to support many women across the country.
How will the Minister address ongoing and widespread concerns, which we have heard again in the Chamber, react to the existing evidence and stop the belief that many women are being failed by this Labour Government?
I really do find it a bit rich that the Conservatives stand there and try to lecture us after the 14 years of neglect and incompetence that were the trademark of their time in government.