I trust you had a good recess, Mr Speaker.
I am absolutely certain that the Deputy Prime Minister also had a good recess.
We saw many photographs of her down at the seaside, just off the coast in a rubber dingy—rather like many of the other photographs we saw over the summer, given this Government’s reckless policies on illegal migration.
She was probably celebrating the acquisition of another property for her property empire, but that celebration was perhaps slightly tinged with a nagging doubt as to whether she had indeed paid enough stamp duty.
Well, we will get to the bottom of that in due course.
Those who could not avoid paying the taxes imposed by this Government are businesses right up and down our country, many of which I took the time to visit during the recess.
In the leisure sector alone, some 80,000 jobs have been destroyed by the national insurance rises, and this has particularly affected those taking their first job, younger workers, part-time workers and female workers.
Jobs are being destroyed.
While the Deputy Prime Minister was lounging on her boat with her wine, this Government were all at sea, like a cork bobbing on the tide, with no control over the events swirling around them.
When it came to the economy, although eclipsed by the calamities around illegal migration, we saw recently the panicked reshuffle of the Treasury Front Bench.
I offer my congratulations to the Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury,  the hon.
Member for Chipping Barnet (Dan Tomlinson)  and warmly welcome him to his new role.
However, I should also tell him that he is joining a sinking ship, whose captain has just had all her authority stripped from her, while all his comrades down below deck are fiercely trying to bail it out.
I also offer a fond farewell to the former Chief Secretary to the Treasury,  the right hon.
Member for Bristol North West (Darren Jones) , who no doubt thought he was very clever when he leapt off the sinking ship.
He will not be feeling quite so clever when he discovers that the place to which they have sent him is even more dysfunctional than the Treasury Front Bench.
Among all this news of arrivals to our shores, we have had a cruel summer of speculation around tax.
We have seen in the skies clouds of kites flown largely by  the Treasury as to what taxes it is going to put up.
It has all been tax, tax and tax.
I am reminded of the Beatles’ song “Taxman”:
“I’ll tax the street,
If you try to sit, I’ll tax your seat,
If you get too cold, I’ll tax the heat,
If you take a walk, I’ll tax your feet.”
When it comes to tax, it is not so much “Good Day Sunshine” as “Help!”[Laughter.]
Okay—it was a bit hammy, but it was worth a try.
I was going to try “Penny Lane” as well, but I drew the line there.
It is worth examining how we got to this point, for a reckoning for our country is surely coming.
This will be a story for all time.
Will my right hon.
Friend give way?
I will do so momentarily.
It started with broken promises.
This was a party that said during the run-up to the general election that it had no intention of raising taxes left, right and centre, and yet within a month or two, this Government did precisely that, with devastating consequences: tax rises on businesses that stifle growth.
They talked down the economy by confecting a £22 billion black hole that did not exist.
What an irony it was that it was they who brought in the Office for Budget Responsibility to decide whether that £22 billion black hole existed and that the OBR said it could not legitimise the claim—the Government were wrong.
What happened with spending and borrowing?
It got completely out of control.