The Equality and Human Rights Commission has confirmed that at least 19 public bodies, including organisations across the policing, education and health sectors, are misrepresenting the law on single-sex spaces.
That is a breach of the Equality Act 2010, as confirmed by the recent Supreme Court ruling.
Has the Minister been told which bodies they are, and how can women and girls have any confidence in them if they are knowingly and deliberately breaking the law?
The results of the previous Government’s call for input showed that, although the law was being followed in the majority of cases, a small number of examples were identified that seemed to have misinterpreted how the single-sex exemptions of the Equality Act operate.
As the hon.
Lady will appreciate, it is for the independent regulator, the Equality and Human Rights Commission, to follow up on these issues through the appropriate processes.
It is doing so in more detail and will work with organisations to put that right.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
My constituent Charlie is from Offerton.
He has a gender recognition certificate that states that he is male; he has a birth certificate that states that he is male; and he has a resplendent ginger beard.
The interim EHRC guidance, however, states that he should use the ladies’ loo.
That is clearly crackers, and Charlie tells me that he has had stick in the past when using the ladies.
It is in the interest of the whole of society for trans people to be able to leave the house and for there to be a loo that they can use in peace when they do so, while they contribute fully to our society.
Does the Secretary of State agree that when the final guidance is published, which we expect soon, parliamentary scrutiny would be a good thing to ensure that the guidance is as good as it can possibly be, so that trans people can live their lives to the full with the clarity and security that they need?
I agree that trans people and women deserve appropriate access to safe spaces and the right level of accommodation and that we must ensure that provision is there, so that no one feels that their safety is at risk.
To be clear to the House, the Government did not receive advance sight or notice of the interim update from the EHRC.
The EHRC has now consulted on its proposed changes to the draft updated code following the ruling.
I have yet to receive that code from the EHRC.
Once that happens, we will ensure that, as a Government, we consider it fully, as the House would expect.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle violence against women and girls in the home.
We are committed to halving violence against women and girls within the next decade.
We are working tirelessly to deliver that ambitious plan to tackle these heinous acts through our violence against women and girls strategy.
Ministers across Government meet regularly to drive progress through the violence against women and girls ministerial group.
The murder of 10-year-old Sara Sharif in my constituency was a harrowing example of violence against women and girls in the home.
Social services play a vital role in protecting vulnerable girls, yet we often hear that they are overwhelmed and under-resourced.
Will the Minister please confirm what steps this Government are taking to ensure that local authority social services are able to protect vulnerable children and stop tragedies such as Sara’s ever happening again?
I am sure that the whole House has sympathy for the case that the hon.
Gentleman has outlined.
I understand that the inquest is ongoing, but to answer the substantive point of his question, children’s and adult social care have historically not always been what victims felt they could rely on, with many cases to demonstrate that over the years.