I urge the First Minister to come forward and welcome this deal.
For the final question, I call Sir John Hayes.
Mr Speaker, I know you will agree  that flags and banners, in bringing national pride, nourish individuals’ sense of worth and nurture our shared sense of belonging.
Will the Prime Minister take steps to ensure that across every part of our kingdom, alongside the crosses of St George in England, St Patrick in Ireland, St Andrew in Scotland and the red dragon in Wales, our flag is flown on every Government and public building—hospitals, schools, police stations and railway stations—for every Briton deserves the chance to see a forest of flagpoles and the flutter of the Union Jack?
I share the right hon.
Gentleman’s pride in our country’s flag.
It represents our history, our heritage and our values.
That is why we display it.
I was the Labour leader who put the Union Jack on the membership card for the Labour party, and I was very proud to do so.
It belongs to all of us.
We should be proud of it and value it.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I am chair of the Public and Commercial Services trade union group in Parliament.
As Members will know, PCS members from the House’s security division are taking strike action today.
These are professional, dedicated and committed staff, and it takes a lot to motivate them to take strike action: their sense of grievance.
There is a clear difference of view between the management of the House and the union about how we have arrived at this situation.
Could I use this mechanism to urge the senior management of the House to seek another meeting with the union to clarify the situation and to come up with a reasonable offer that will resolve this dispute?
I do not wish to see our dedicated staff outside of work on this basis.
They provide us with the security that we need.
I thank the right hon.
Member for giving notice of his point of order.
While it is strictly not a matter for the Chair, I would agree that it is in everyone’s interest to work together to resolve matters.
I hope that we can get people around the table rather than striking.
I do not want to go into further details, and I think it is better we leave it at this stage.
Before we come to the ten-minute rule motion, I wish to make a short announcement about the House’s sub judice resolution.
A coroner’s inquest has been opened into the death of Simone White, and those proceedings are now sub judice.
However, given the significant public interest in addressing this matter, I, as Speaker, have decided to grant a waiver from the House’s resolution relating to matters sub judice in respect of any inquests into the deaths of UK citizens or residents resulting from methanol poisoning overseas.
Members may therefore refer to the case in the course of proceedings, but I would urge them to avoid saying anything that might prejudice any future criminal or civil proceedings in the UK.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No.
23 )
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to require travel advice issued by the Secretary of State and other persons to include guidance about the risks of methanol poisoning; and for connected purposes.
I have been working closely on this issue on behalf of one of my constituents, Chloe Lassetter, who alongside her family, Sue, Neil, Tom and Amanda, have been fighting to raise awareness of the dangers of methanol poisoning abroad following the tragic death of Simone White last year.
As Members may have seen from media coverage at the time, Simone was travelling with her friend Bethany in Laos.
They were staying in a small riverside town about two hours north of the capital.