He will know that we inherited a criminal justice system in absolute crisis.
That is why we conducted a once-in-a-generation review of our courts process—the Leveson review—which the Government will respond to shortly, and a once-in-a-generation sentencing review, to consider exactly the issues that he is talking about.
I will happily meet him to discuss this further.
My constituent, who had been the victim of historical domestic abuse by both her partner and her children, recently raised with me the need for a clearer understanding and definition of child-to-parent abuse.
At the time of her abuse, she did not know that what her children were doing could be classified as domestic abuse, and both the police and social services failed to understand that she was the victim, not her children.
Will the Minister provide an update on the work to reach a legal definition of child-to-parent abuse.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that vital point.
She will, like me, be horrified by the results of the Femicide Census report this week, which show a rise in mothers being killed by their sons.
We must tackle that as a society.
She will be pleased to know that what she is talking about will be in the upcoming violence against women and girls strategy.
What steps she is taking to support trans people in the context of the Supreme Court judgment in the case of For Women Scotland .
Scottish Ministers of 16 April 2025.
Trans people deserve dignity and respect.
The Government are upholding the legal protections that Labour’s Equality Act 2010 put in place, ensuring that trans people can live free from discrimination and harassment.
Work is already under way to fulfil our manifesto commitments, including the delivery of a full trans-inclusive ban on conversion practices, the equalisation of all strands of hate crime, and a review of health services to ensure that trans people receive appropriate and high-quality care.
The Minister will be aware that many trans people with gender recognition certificates followed all the legal processes in good faith, often over many years, and made legally binding commitments to live in their acquired gender for life.
Yet now that they find themselves legally bound to live in one gender, they are at the same time being denied access to services and facilities aligned with that gender.
How does the Minister plan to resolve those contradictory legal obligations, and what will she do to provide immediate support to the trans community?
I recognise the importance of gender recognition certificates.
Let me be absolutely clear to this House, as I have been on many occasions: no one, including trans people, should suffer indignity or a lack of respect.
They must of course have access to safe provisions and appropriate services.
However, the Supreme Court ruling was clear that biological sex is the means by which single-sex provision will be delivered.
I am really pleased that the Government are committed to delivering a full trans-inclusive ban on conversion therapy.
When will that legislation be introduced to bring that abusive practice to an end?
We are committed to bringing forward a draft Bill to ensure that we deliver on our manifesto commitment to a full trans-inclusive ban on conversion practices, which are abhorrent and have no place in our society.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission has confirmed that at least 19 public bodies, including organisations across the policing, education and health sectors, are misrepresenting the law on single-sex spaces.
That is a breach of the Equality Act 2010, as confirmed by the recent Supreme Court ruling.
Has the Minister been told which bodies they are, and how can women and girls have any confidence in them if they are knowingly and deliberately breaking the law?