I am joined today in the Gallery by the leadership of the Young Farmers’ Clubs of Ulster, an organisation and young people who are passionate about youth work, our rural countryside and the future of farming and agriculture.
Agriculture policy is devolved, but the Prime Minister’s agricultural inheritance tax is the thing that has them and young farmers across all the country despairing not just for their future, but the future of food security.
When will the Prime Minister change course on the farm family inheritance tax, now that he is taking control of tax policy?
First, I welcome the Young Farmers’ Clubs of Ulster to Parliament.
I take this opportunity to say to the hon.
Member and to them that we have invested more than £2.7 billion in farming and nature recovery—that has been welcomed—and of course we are developing a 25-year farming road map to make the sector more profitable.
Again, that has been warmly welcomed.
Their future will depend on that road map, and we will work with them.
This week, the Global Sumud flotilla, which includes British citizens, set sail for Gaza to break the illegal blockade and deliver much-needed aid.
In June, a British boat, the Madleen, was threatened and its crew detained, but we took no action.
Can the Prime Minister say what has been learned from this, and what steps are being taken to protect the British citizens on this flotilla?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important issue in relation to the horrifying situation in Gaza.
The Israeli Government are preventing urgently needed aid from getting in, which is why we are now  seeing a man-made famine, and that should cause us all to pause and reflect.
We are working with other countries to get aid in by any practical means, but land routes are the only viable and sustainable means of getting aid into Gaza on the scale that is required.
Israel must lift the restrictions to allow aid agencies to deliver the life-saving supplies that are so desperately needed.
So the Budget date has finally been announced, and once again, Scotland is some sort of distant afterthought.
The Budget date has been left to the 11th hour because the Government do not know how to resolve their countless counter-bùrachs.
It is a Budget date that has practically wrecked Scotland’s budgetary process, leaving it almost impossible for us to pass a budget before Christmas, and leaving great uncertainty for Scotland’s public services.
Did you know, Mr Speaker, that they could not even be bothered to notify the Scottish Government, leaving them to find this out on social media?
I ask the Prime Minister: how is this reset in relationships working out?
The hon.
Gentleman overlooks the fact that at the last Budget there was a record settlement for Scotland—£50 billion a year.
He talks about support.
We have just won the Norway frigates contract.
That is 15 years of shipbuilding in Scotland.
The SNP First Minister has said what about that since Sunday?
Absolutely nothing.
I know we have another SNP question in just a moment.
Perhaps that will be the opportunity to welcome the deal that we have won, and the jobs now for Scotland.
Prime Minister, last year, my online safety forum of children and young people from every secondary school and college in Darlington found that 71% of our year 10s and 12s had been contacted by a stranger online, a shocking failure that our Online Safety Act will hopefully prevent going forward.
Will he join me in calling on the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage), and all opposed to this vital Act, to pick a side?
Are they with us, parents and child protectors, or are they with the predators harming our children online?
Of course,  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  is not here to represent his constituency in the House that he was elected to.