In fact, it was a Labour Government in the 1970s who brought in the reliefs that this Government have chosen to abolish.
The inheritance tax yield will double over this Parliament.
The Opposition say, “Enough is enough.”
We should not punish parents who wish to pass something on to their children.
Socialists do not understand that we do not all stand as atomised individuals; we work  together as families and communities.
We care about each other, we care about the people we love, and it is right that we have the opportunity to pass something on to them.
I thank the shadow Chancellor for introducing this debate on such an important issue.
Properties and assets are vital to the country and to people.
On the lifetime limit for inheritance tax, over the past year everyone will have heard the Government telling farmers and family businesses to get their affairs in order and to plan.
Not having a limit on the lifetime cap was what allowed them to plan.
If that is cut or the cap is not in the right place, it will negate every argument that the Government have made in the past year to justify their family farm and family business tax.
Will the Minister please acknowledge that and rule out any change to the cap, which would penalise family farms and businesses?
My hon.
Friend has put it brilliantly and succinctly, and she is absolutely right.
In their horror—in their recoil from the inheritance tax changes—that is exactly what farmers and family business owners have been doing: thinking about alternatives.
The seven-year rule has been one of those alternatives, and it would be a really heartless and extraordinarily cruel moment if the Government were to shut that down as well.
My right hon.
Friend is explaining the situation in his usual powerful way.
If, as seems likely, the Government impose capital gains tax on a person’s principal private residence, will he, as mitigation, consider whether there should at least be indexation allowance to provide some relief from the horror that I fear is about to be inflicted on my constituents?
He will remember that the Finance Act 2008 abolished that relief on other property.
I suspect that the Government will not be sympathetic to such a suggestion given what happened in 2008, but it would at least take the edge off the imposition of taxes on the sale of a person’s principal private residence.
My right hon.
Friend raises his point in his usual eloquent manner.
That is a question for the Minister, and I hope that, when he rises to the Dispatch Box, he will rule out our concerns in their entirety.
In the event that he cannot, perhaps he will choose to answer my right hon.
Friend’s inquiry.
Is it not the case that those in the Labour party have a clear misunderstanding because they have no business experience?
Those on the Government Front Bench have no business experience in setting up companies or understanding the meaning of business taxes—the experience is simply not there.
Labour will talk about taxing wealth, but does it not understand that if we tax wealth, we will get less of it?
It has been estimated that about 15,000 high net worth individuals have left our country in the period in which this Government have been in power.
A consequence of that tax just walking out of the door is that we will require somewhere around a third of a million to half a million people on average earnings to make up the difference.
This is not a case of good riddance to wealth; the Government should—as the Conservative party would—encourage and turbocharge wealth at every turn.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
If I am an hon.
Friend, I will certainly give way.
I am sure Hansard will correct me.
The right hon.
Gentleman just made some comments about high net worth or high value individuals.