In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Economically deprived high streets and poorer high streets are flooded with gambling shops.
The “aim to permit” legislation prevents councils from saying no.
My summer campaign on gambling reform has received loads of support, including from Gordon Brown, who says that if we tax the gambling industry, we will get £3 billion for our economy.
Will the Prime Minister join campaigners and help me to end “aim to permit”, so that constituents such as his and mine can thrive?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
It is important that local authorities are given additional tools and powers to ensure vibrant high streets.
We are looking at introducing cumulative impact assessments, like those already in place for alcohol licensing, and we will give councils stronger powers over the location and numbers of gambling outlets to help create safe, thriving high streets.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
I know the whole House will want to send our condolences to the family of our former colleague, David Warburton.
I also welcome the fact that the Deputy Prime Minister has referred herself to the ethics adviser.
She has admitted that she underpaid tax, so why is she still in office?
There is not just a crisis at the very top of the Prime Minister’s Cabinet; there is a crisis brewing for the whole country.
When was the last time that the cost of Government borrowing was so high?
I join the Leader of the Opposition in her comments about Mr Warburton.
I think the whole House would unite on such an issue.
In relation to the Deputy Prime Minister, she has explained her personal circumstances in detail.
She has gone over and above in setting out the details, including yesterday afternoon asking a court to lift a confidentiality order in relation to her own son.
I know from speaking at length to the Deputy Prime Minister just how difficult that decision was for her and her family, but she did it to ensure that all information is in the public domain.
She has now referred herself to the independent adviser.
That is the right thing to do, but I can be clear that I am very proud to sit alongside a Deputy Prime Minister who is building 1.5 million homes, who is bringing forward the biggest upgrade to workers’ rights in a generation, and who has come from a working-class background to be Deputy Prime Minister of this country.
On the question of borrowing costs, they have risen across the world, as the Leader of the Opposition well knows.
We are driving them down by getting debt down.
That is hardwired into our fiscal rules; those fiscal rules are non-negotiable.
I am not going to take lectures on the economy from the Conservatives, who crashed the economy.
Mortgages went through the roof and there was a record fall in living standards.
I am not sure we would have heard all that sympathy if it had been a Conservative Deputy Prime Minister who was being attacked.
I remember when the Prime Minister said that tax evasion was a criminal offence and
“should be treated as all other fraud”.
If he had a backbone, he would sack her.
But let us get back to the issue of borrowing.
The Prime Minister did not answer the question about why it is so high.
The Conservatives left him the fastest-growing economy in the G7.
Under him, the cost of our borrowing is now higher than it is in Greece.
Why does the Prime Minister think that is?
If it had been the Conservatives, there would not have been the accountability, which is now in place, because they spent years and years avoiding it.
The right hon.
Lady’s claims about the economy on  their watch are about as credible as her place at Stanford University. [
Interruption.]