Gentleman in his comments about Annette Brooke, and also in his description of the horrifying situation in Gaza?
It is horrifying.
We are looking at a man-made famine, on top of everything else.
That is why we are expending so much of our time, with partners, on seeking to bring about a ceasefire, to get humanitarian aid in at pace, to get the hostages out and, of course, to put forward a peace plan that can actually take us to a two-stage solution.
Of course I will talk to all international leaders about that.
I gently say to him that if he had not refused the invite to the state banquet, he could have been there two weeks on Tuesday speaking to President Trump himself.
I am surprised; it is not an act of leadership to pass up that opportunity.
I have to disagree with the Prime Minister on that—we are now debating this issue.
Here is an issue on which I hope the Prime Minister will agree with me.
The European convention on human rights is a British creation that protects all our basic rights and freedoms: the rights of children, disabled people, survivors of domestic abuse, victims of horrific crimes—everyone.
It protects care home residents from abuse and families from being spied on by councils, but the leader of the Conservative party and the leader of Reform want to join Russia and Vladimir Putin by withdrawing from the convention.
The Liberal Democrats disagree, and so do the majority of the British people.
Will the Prime Minister categorially rule out withdrawing from the ECHR, suspending it or watering down our rights in any way?
We will not withdraw from the European convention on human rights.
We do need to make sure that both the convention and other instruments are fit for the circumstances we face at the moment, and therefore of course we have been, as we have made clear,  looking at the interpretation of some of those provisions.
It would be a profound mistake to pull out of these instruments, because the first thing that would follow is that every other country in the world that adheres to these instruments would pull out of all their agreements with this country.
That would be catastrophic for actually dealing with the problem.
Scotland has a proud heritage as one of the world’s great shipbuilding nations.
On behalf of the defence industry workers across Ayrshire and beyond, I welcome the largest export deal for new warships ever secured by the UK.
Does the Prime Minister agree that this shows how, under Labour, we can build on our proud past to secure a brighter future for our shipbuilding industry?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
I was very pleased to get the call from the Prime Minister of Norway on Saturday night, telling us that the UK had won this contract, beating off competition from the US, France and Germany because of the quality of shipbuilding in this country.
This is a £10-billion deal—15 years-worth of shipbuilding, particularly in places like the Clyde, and thousands of skilled jobs in Scotland.
It shows the importance of the defence industrial strategy, and the importance of Britain being taken seriously again on the international stage.
It comes on top of the record investment in defence that we have already announced earlier this year.
I am joined today in the Gallery by the leadership of the Young Farmers’ Clubs of Ulster, an organisation and young people who are passionate about youth work, our rural countryside and the future of farming and agriculture.
Agriculture policy is devolved, but the Prime Minister’s agricultural inheritance tax is the thing that has them and young farmers across all the country despairing not just for their future, but the future of food security.
When will the Prime Minister change course on the farm family inheritance tax, now that he is taking control of tax policy?