The reason is—the evidence is there—that this Government have stoked inflation.
Inflation is still rising.
It is at twice the level or thereabouts that it was on the day of the general election.
When a Government stoke inflation, we pay the price through higher interest rates, and that is precisely what has been happening.
My right hon.
Friend is right to highlight the massive impact of these tax rises on so many families and businesses up and down the country.
Will he comment on how we can have a Deputy Prime Minister who has admitted avoiding paying the tax that she owed and who continues in office?
And this, from a party that called for the resignation of people for far lower offences!
Does that not expose the rank hypocrisy that seems to run right through this Government?
If the right hon.
Lady wants to make the rules, she should live by them.
That message will go out to businesses and families up and down the country.
There is no way that they can avoid the juggernaut of taxes that are coming down the track.
In return for the right hon.
Member’s generosity in giving way, I will say something pleasant about the last  Conservative Government. [
Interruption.]
I know—wait for it!
It will be just one thing.
The last Government allowed councils like Westmorland and Furness, run by the Liberal Democrats, to double council tax on second homes.
It is right to do that because excessive second-home ownership annihilates communities in the lakes and the dales, the west country and elsewhere.
But can I encourage the Conservatives and the party in government now to do something that would do much more to limit the number of second homes than that: bring in a new planning category of use, so that national parks and councils can manage the numbers and save communities?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his kind words about the Conservative party—I am sure that they are deeply felt and very genuine.
What the Deputy Prime Minister should be doing is delivering more homes.
It is quite clear that the target of 1.5 million homes, which the Government claim they will deliver at the rate of 300,000 a year, will not be met.
I am quite happy to be proven wrong, but I very much suspect that I will not be, unfortunately.
We have ended up in a situation in which a huge black hole is looming.
The National Institute of Economic and Social Research puts it at possibly as much as £40 billion.
The economic mismanagement of the Labour party is a recurrent theme.
In the October Budget—the Government’s first—there was headroom of about £10 billion against the fiscal rules.
That, plus £4 billion more, was blown by the time of the spring statement—the emergency Budget.
Once again, it appears that considerably more has been blown all over again.
That is no surprise.
The U-turns on winter fuel payments and on welfare reform, which we have already discussed in this debate, led to unfunded commitments of around £6 billion—unfunded commitments after the Chancellor had said that the Labour party would never find itself in that position.
What she said has simply not happened.
What signal does it send to the markets when the Government cannot control spending?
In the long-term, it will be interesting to see what the Office for Budget Responsibility has to say about its forecasts for growth.
In recent times, 30-year bond yields have hit a 27-year high.
We are paying more to borrow than Greece.
There is a potential debt crisis looming, and this country could be on the brink—all on Labour’s watch.
The Government inherited bond yields higher than those in many other countries.
Right now bond yields are going up in Japan, Germany and the United States.
Is the Chancellor responsible for all that?