Sadly, current official travel advice is falling short.
In some high-risk countries, there is very little warning at all.
Where advice does exist, it is vague and understated.
Travellers are told that certain drinks “might carry a risk” or that they “should exercise caution.”
This is not a matter of caution: this is about a lethal, preventable danger.
I appreciate that the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office has updated the health section of the travel advice on its website, but we must do more to make the warnings clearer and more explicit, so that information is more readily available to everyone.
The Government’s Travel Aware website has an informative section on methanol poisoning, but more must be done   to make that advice and guidance better known to young people before they travel.
As things stand, they really have to search to find it.
My Bill, supported by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Orpington and the hon.
Members for Dartford, for Cheadle (Mr Morrison)  and for Lewisham North (Vicky Foxcroft), proposes a straightforward, proportionate solution.
It does not attempt to police alcohol sales abroad.
It does not require costly programmes or enforcement.
It simply requires the Government to provide prominent, clear and consistent guidance about methanol poisoning for countries where the risk is known to exist.
Other Governments have already taken steps to warn their citizens.
Australia’s Smartraveller service provides unambiguous, practical advice and reaches young travellers through targeted campaigns.
We should do no less, and we must not be left behind.
Families such as Simone’s, who have endured unimaginable grief, are not asking for the impossible.
They are asking for honesty, clarity and actionable guidance, so that other families do not have to suffer the same loss.
We have already shown in this House that collaboration between families, experts and parliamentarians can and does raise awareness.
Now it is time to turn awareness into action.
I know that Ministers in the Foreign Office are well aware of Simone’s story, as we have exchanged many letters on the topic, and the Foreign Office kindly hosted me, my hon.
Friend the Member for Orpington and the family at a meeting earlier this year.
I thank them for their engagement to date and I look forward to continue working with them, as I know they understand the grave risks at stake.
As Simone’s mother, Sue White, said:
“If it can happen to Simone, it can happen to anybody”.
So let’s start the process today to prevent future tragedies.
I commend the Bill to the House.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered,
That Laura Trott, Gareth Bacon, Jim Dickson, Tom Morrison and Vicky Foxcroft present the Bill.
Laura Trott accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 29 May 2026 , and to be printed (Bill 300).
I inform the House that I have not selected the amendment.
I call the shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer.
I beg to move,
That this House notes recent reports that the Government is considering a wide range of increases to taxes on property; notes the Prime Minister’s commitment last year not to impose Capital Gains Tax on primary residences; and calls on the Government not to introduce an annual property levy which would tax the family home, higher rates of Council Tax, or a land value tax, or to lower the thresholds or further increase liability to Inheritance Tax, for example, by changing the seven-year gift rule.
I trust you had a good recess, Mr Speaker.
I am absolutely certain that the Deputy Prime Minister also had a good recess.
We saw many photographs of her down at the seaside, just off the coast in a rubber dingy—rather like many of the other photographs we saw over the summer, given this Government’s reckless policies on illegal migration.