We are opening 10 new construction technical excellence colleges, backing our young people to learn a trade and to get on.
Our plan for change will deliver for everyone.[Official Report,  13 October 2025 ; Vol.
773, c. 2WC.] (
Correction)
I am sure that the Minister will have seen research last week, which parents in my constituency will be really disappointed in, saying that mums earn £302 less per week than dads.
For too long, the Tories were happy for those costs to fall on women.
What steps is she taking to ensure that this Labour Government tackle the motherhood penalty?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that that is totally unacceptable.
This Labour Government will deliver for women, unlike the Conservative party—whose leader said that maternity pay was “excessive”—or the Reform leader,  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) , who claimed it was a “fact of life” that women coming back from maternity leave would earn less.
We know the difference that high-quality early years education makes, which is why I am delighted that, from this week, working families will be able to access 30 hours of Government-funded childcare.
I call the shadow Minister.
Writer and comedian Graham Linehan was apparently arrested by five police officers at Heathrow, then questioned about three tweets that he says were based on his gender-critical views, a belief protected by the Equality Act 2010.
Despite this Government’s claim to protect free speech, Mr Linehan has been banned from using that platform as part of his bail conditions.
Can the Minister confirm whether it is now a crime in Britain to tell potentially offensive jokes, and whether those who do so may face armed arrest?
The hon.
Lady will know well that I cannot comment on live police investigations, as the police operate independently of Government, but the Home Secretary has been clear that her priority and the priority of this Government is that the police focus on tackling antisocial behaviour and making sure that people can walk our streets free from fear.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating Reading’s University Medical Group, a GP practice in my constituency that was recently awarded the gold Pride in Practice award by the LGBT Foundation?
When I visited that practice last week, the doctors raised the  issue of transgender care.
Many constituents have also written to me concerned about ongoing barriers to treatment for young people needing gender-affirming care, so what more can the Government do to ensure that young transgender people get the treatment they urgently need?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that work in her community.
The Government have commissioned NHS England to undertake a LGBT health evidence review, which is being led by Dr Michael Brady, the national adviser on LGBT health.
It will diagnose the problems we need to solve, making sure we have evidence-led recommendations in order to improve access to healthcare for adults.
A constituent with muscular dystrophy reports facing a wait of eight to 12 months for AJM Healthcare to deliver a new wheelchair, which is far beyond the 18-week target.
What steps will the Minister take with her health colleagues to address the really poor performance by AJM Healthcare nationwide, particularly its equalities implications?
If the hon.
Gentleman will provide me with some more details of his constituent’s case, I would be happy to make sure it is looked into by Ministers and that he receives a full response.
A constituent and mum has got in touch because she has lost her entitlement to the 30 hours of childcare this Government so brilliantly rolled out, as well as the student finance version, because she is doing law as a mature student.
Can the Minister look into closing that loophole so that women who retrain mid-career are not penalised?