I am sure Hansard will correct me.
The right hon.
Gentleman just made some comments about high net worth or high value individuals.
In my constituency, I am particularly interested in individuals on low incomes.
In Peterborough, I represent a city with one of the highest levels of those employed on zero-hours contracts and in chronically insecure work.
Does he not agree that his party often wants all the spending, but none of the funding for delivery?
He talked about reducing taxation for some of those with higher net worth, but will he also talk about which doctors’ surgeries in my constituency would suffer cuts under his plans, which individuals would receive no protection for their employment rights, and how the people of Peterborough would be worse off because he wants to reduce the spending that will fix the foundations of this country?
The hon.
Gentleman refers to cutting spending.
His party attempted to cut spending, but entirely failed to do so.
My point is that if he wants money to spend on public services, he needs to cut welfare and should worry about how to do so.
I do not know how he voted when that was put to the test in this House, but if he in any way voted against his own Government and against getting on top of the welfare bill, he should ask his own question of himself.
As for those on low incomes, they are precisely the people who are now being devastated by the increase in national insurance.
There is not just an increase in the rate, but a substantial reduction in the threshold at which national insurance kicks in, which has meant higher unemployment, in particular among younger workers, part-time workers, women and people getting that vital first job so that they can get themselves on a career path.
They are the people whom the Labour Government are punishing most.
Is that not exactly the point—that the top 1% of earners pay almost 30% of income tax?
If we lose them, we damage the people who need the support and the investment from the very taxpayers we have just scared off.
Should not the reverse be happening?
We should attract more people into this country to spend more money, so that we have more money for such services through tax collection.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
I have already shared with the House the classic example of the number of people who have left this country because of a punitive tax regime and the costs of that.
Further to the excellent point made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hinckley and Bosworth (Dr Evans) , the Labour party denigrates wealthy individuals who choose to come to this country.
However, it is about not just the tax that they provide, but the jobs and opportunities they create by investing in constituencies up and down the country.
This country has prospered for hundreds of years by being open and welcoming to  inward investment.
If we lose that, we lose a key plank of the competitiveness and growth that have been associated with our economy.
That is right.
We live in a highly mobile world; it is easy for people with substantial wealth or money to invest to go anywhere in the world.
We have to remain competitive, and this Government are making us less competitive.
My right hon.
Friend refers to unemployment, but just look at the record—should we have expected any more from this Government?
No, not really.
Every single Labour Government in history have left unemployment higher when they left office than it was at the time they came into office.
What have we seen on unemployment since this Government have been in office?
It has increased every single month since they have been in power.
The right hon.