Are they with us, parents and child protectors, or are they with the predators harming our children online?
Of course,  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  is not here to represent his constituency in the House that he was elected to.
No, he has flown to America to badmouth and talk down our country.
It is worse than that, Mr Speaker: if you can believe it, he has gone there to lobby the Americans to impose sanctions on this country that will harm working people.
You cannot get more unpatriotic than that.
It is a disgrace.
The Online Safety Act 2023 protects children from material on suicide, self-harm and online predators.
Reform says it would scrap it.
When its leader was asked, “Well, what would you replace it with?”,
his answer was:
“There needs to be a tech answer.
I don’t know what that is”.
You cannot run a country on “don’t know” answers.
Mr Speaker, I am sure that you, like me, got to enjoy everything that UK hospitality has to offer over the summer.
Fifteen local pubs received nominations in my community pub awards.
I visited places including the  Bull Inn in Battle, the Castle Inn in Pevensey, the Swan Inn in Dallington, the New Inn in Westfield and Sidley working men’s club.
Many of them told me how hard-hit they have been by Labour’s jobs tax.
UKHospitality estimates that 80,000 jobs have already been lost, and the British Beer and Pub Association says that a pub a day will close this year.
Can the Prime Minister name a single pub landlord who thinks that the Deputy Prime Minister’s Employment Rights Bill will help, rather than just make things worse?
I hope the hon.
Gentleman paced out the visits to all those pubs, and did not do them all in one go.
UKHospitality has welcomed our small business plan, which obviously applies to pubs. [
Interruption.]
Yes, it has.
The reason is that it permanently lowers the business rates that they pay, and it tackles late payments—something for which it has been asking for a very, very long time.
The Conservatives talked about fixing that, but they never delivered.
We are delivering.
My constituents have endured four major fires in recent months across our community, including one that caused the devastating destruction of Cumbernauld’s iconic St Mungo’s church, yet the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service is consulting on downgrading Cumbernauld fire station, increasing response times and putting lives at risk.
Will the Prime Minister make representations to the Scottish Government that they should not risk lives with cuts to our vital emergency services?
I think the whole House is sorry to hear about the awful fires that my hon.
Friend’s constituents have faced, including the destruction of St Mungo’s.
I know just how important that church was to the local community.
The Scottish Government have received the largest settlement in the history of devolution—£50 billion a year.
That should be focused on the issues that matter to her constituency.
I will take this up, and make sure that we raise it with the Scottish Government.
First of all, I refer to my comments earlier in the week, since the Prime Minister’s research is not up to scratch.
George Reid, a former Presiding Officer of the Scottish Parliament and MP, passed away over the summer.
He was a humanitarian to his very fingertips.
He abhorred the demonisation of asylum seekers, including those desperate enough to cross the channel in small boats.
Figures published by the House of Commons Library show that the number of asylum seekers who are forced to cross increased dramatically after Brexit, as a result of our leaving the Dublin regulation.
Instead of punching down and joining in with the victim blaming of Reform and the Conservatives, will the Prime Minister reject their isolationism and look to rejoin the Dublin convention, which every other country in western Europe has joined?