And will he visit Harwell Campus to hear what our brilliant space companies need from Government?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this important issue, and reassure him that we do want to keep the huge expertise and knowledge of the UK Space Agency staff, including those working in his constituency.
We have already secured almost £300 million in contracts from the European Space Agency and this will cut costs, reducing duplication, so we can really focus on growing this important sector.
Since the start of the full-scale invasion into Ukraine, Russia has stolen, abducted and indoctrinated at least 19,546 children.
It is one of the most heinous crimes of this war.
I warmly welcome this morning’s announcement of an additional package of sanctions on those perpetrating these crimes, and will the Prime Minister assure the House that he will do everything possible to return these children to their homes?
I acknowledge my hon.
Friend’s campaigning on this really important issue.
Russia’s policy of forced deportations and indoctrination of Ukrainian children is despicable, and anybody who has heard the stories or seen the pictures cannot be other than profoundly moved.
We have taken firm action.
This was one issue that we discussed two weeks ago in Washington when I went over with other leaders to ensure that we are all imposing maximum pressure.
Among the very many horrors of the Ukraine conflict, this is right up there as one of the absolute worst.
Like many, I was deeply concerned that a police force deemed it necessary to take five armed officers to arrest a comedy writer from a flight.
Some may have found Mr Linehan’s comments offensive, but that is not the point.
If we do not support speech that we do not like, we do not support free speech.
Will the Prime Minister commit to reviewing our speech laws to ensure that legitimate free expression is protected and will he condemn the culture within the public sector that prioritises this dangerous and perverse nonsense?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this point.
He will have seen that the commissioner put out a statement this morning in relation to this case.
I have been clear throughout that we must ensure that the police focus on the most serious issues and the issues that matter the most to our constituencies and all communities.
That includes tackling issues such as antisocial behaviour, knife crime and violence.
We have a long history of free speech in this country.
I am very proud of that, and I will always defend it.
In a week when the Prime Minister has worked tirelessly to place Clydeside, Glasgow and Govan at the epicentre of Type 26 shipbuilding, is he as perplexed as I am at the  radio silence from the SNP and the contempt that the SNP continues to show for the defence sector?
Does he agree that it is a contempt for jobs and growth and an 18-year-long contempt for Scotland?
I am perplexed that the First Minister has not welcomed the deal.
It is a massive deal for Scotland—it is 15 years of shipbuilding.
I would have expected the First Minister to hold a press conference to celebrate what we have done with this deal.
Those 15 years of shipbuilding are extremely important to the Clyde and many industries, and they are a reflection of the professionalism and dedication that workers in Scotland have shown over many years.
I urge the First Minister to come forward and welcome this deal.
For the final question, I call Sir John Hayes.
Mr Speaker, I know you will agree  that flags and banners, in bringing national pride, nourish individuals’ sense of worth and nurture our shared sense of belonging.