I have been working closely on this issue on behalf of one of my constituents, Chloe Lassetter, who alongside her family, Sue, Neil, Tom and Amanda, have been fighting to raise awareness of the dangers of methanol poisoning abroad following the tragic death of Simone White last year.
As Members may have seen from media coverage at the time, Simone was travelling with her friend Bethany in Laos.
They were staying in a small riverside town about two hours north of the capital.
It is a hub for backpackers travelling across south-east Asia.
It was there that Simone and her friend consumed free shots of alcohol offered at the hostel.
The next day both felt unwell, but they carried on with their plans.
Hours later, after boarding a bus to their next destination, things worsened: Bethany fainted; Simone vomited.
They were eventually taken to a local hospital, but doctors had no idea what was wrong and initially suspected food poisoning.
Still confused and deteriorating, the girls made it to a private hospital.
I cannot imagine how frightened and confused they must have been at this point, but sadly, by then it was too late for Simone.
She started having seizures during dialysis and was eventually taken for emergency brain surgery.
The surgery relieved the pressure but caused bleeding and the other side of her brain started to swell.
The results confirming methanol poisoning were not available until two weeks later, but by then Simone had sadly already passed away.
Although Bethany recovered following her hospitalisation, six other young people fell victim to suspected methanol poisoning, having drunk at the same hostel.
Two young Australians, two young Danish women and an American all lost their lives.
As the Australian Prime Minister said in November, this is “every parent’s worst nightmare”.
My heart goes out to all the families who lost loved ones in the most unbelievably tragic circumstances.
Over the last year, I have learnt so much about Simone, who was a much-loved young woman.
She had a brilliant life ahead of her, and when I attended her funeral, it was clear that she was deeply loved by her friends and family.
A year ago, like so many of us here, I did not know much about methanol poisoning, yet over 1,000 people die from it every single year worldwide.
This is such a huge danger, but barely any of us know about it.
I also went backpacking after university but never knew about the dangers, and sadly, the same is true of so many of our young people.
That must change.
For Members who are less aware than we should be, methanol is tasteless and has only a faint smell, making it impossible to tell if a drink has been contaminated.
When consumed, it can lead to a coma, convulsions, blindness, nervous system damage and death.
Medical specialists say drinking as little as 25 ml of methanol can be fatal, but it is sometimes added to drinks because it is cheaper than alcohol.
Since their devastating loss, Simone’s family have campaigned tirelessly to prevent similar tragedies from affecting other families.
Alongside Simone’s friend Bethany, they have been raising awareness of the dangers of methanol poisoning, and it was an honour earlier this year to help to arrange a parliamentary drop-in session on the subject, alongside my hon.
Friend  the Member for Orpington (Gareth Bacon)  and  the hon.
Member for Dartford (Jim Dickson) .
The family were joined by representatives of the travel industry, the National Poisons Information Service, the British Toxicology Society and the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office to educate MPs, and the message was clear: awareness saves lives, but only when Government guidance is accurate, clear and consistent.
Sadly, current official travel advice is falling short.
In some high-risk countries, there is very little warning at all.
Where advice does exist, it is vague and understated.