What an irony it was that it was they who brought in the Office for Budget Responsibility to decide whether that £22 billion black hole existed and that the OBR said it could not legitimise the claim—the Government were wrong.
What happened with spending and borrowing?
It got completely out of control.
The combination of passing on price rises because of the national insurance increases, and the extra borrowing and spending, has led to higher inflation.
We are an outlier when it comes to inflation.
Will the right hon.
Member give way?
In a moment.
That in turn has seen interest rates higher for longer and the servicing costs on our national debt now running at over £100 billion a year—more than twice our defence spend.
I will now give way to whoever was trying to intervene behind me.
Would my right hon.
Friend agree that correcting this loss of market confidence demands decisive action from the Government at the Budget, and that that decisive action cannot be taken solely on the tax side?
The tax side is what has driven us into this loop.
We need decisive action on spending and particularly on welfare if we are to see some restoration of market confidence and get ourselves out of this rut.
My right hon.
Friend, as ever, is absolutely right.
The reality, as we see in the bond yields at the moment, is that the markets have no confidence in the ability of this Government to get on top of spending.
We saw the farce of a Government who came into office scrapping the £5 billion of welfare savings that were already baked into the OBR’s scorecard because we had brought them in, and attempting to bring forward their own reforms only for their Back Benchers to vote  them down.
My right hon.
Friend is so right; this Government do not have the will or the plan to deal with spending, and that is at the heart of the reason why we will all be punished and pay the price of more taxes come the Budget in November.
I commend the shadow Chancellor for bringing forward this subject for debate.
He clearly shares my deep concern that I have, and that I think everyone in this Chamber should have, that the Government are considering a further tax on property, despite the fact that the Prime Minister committed to not imposing capital gains tax on residents of this United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Last year, it was the family inheritance tax; this year, those who own property—those who have scrimped and saved for their house, those who are middle class, those hard workers—have now become the latest target of Labour tax policy.
The hon.
Gentleman is entirely right.
Of course, if the Government have got into a situation where they are having to scrabble around and look at property taxes, as we are debating this afternoon, than really nothing is safe from the taxman under this Government.
I gently remind the right hon.
Member that since this Labour Government came to power, interest rates have been cut five times—a vote of confidence in our Chancellor, fixing the foundations of our economy.
That saves the average family on an average tracker mortgage in my constituency over £100 a month.
Will he remind me what happened to interest rates when his party was in power?
As the hon.
Lady will know, interest rates are one of the key tools in monetary policy and are applied to bring down inflation.
While she is right that there have been five reductions in the level of the base rate, there should have been many more.
The reason is—the evidence is there—that this Government have stoked inflation.
Inflation is still rising.
It is at twice the level or thereabouts that it was on the day of the general election.