Gentleman will provide me with some more details of his constituent’s case, I would be happy to make sure it is looked into by Ministers and that he receives a full response.
A constituent and mum has got in touch because she has lost her entitlement to the 30 hours of childcare this Government so brilliantly rolled out, as well as the student finance version, because she is doing law as a mature student.
Can the Minister look into closing that loophole so that women who retrain mid-career are not penalised?
We recognise the value of parents continuing in education, which is why there are often available mechanisms such as the childcare grant and the parents’ learning allowance.
As I do not know the full circumstances of her constituent’s case, I would be grateful if my hon.
Friend would write to me, so I can make sure that we give her constituent full advice on the childcare support that might be available to her.
Why has the Minister chosen to champion the rights of the residents of the Bell hotel over those of the local community?
That is just plain wrong.
Parental leave is just as essential for families who adopt as it is for those with biological children, giving vital time for bonding.
However, many adoptive families cannot access the same paid leave.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure equal parental leave for adoptive parents?
My hon.
Friend raises an important area.
We know that preparing for and adopting a child is an important time in the life of families, which is why we have committed to reviewing the parental leave  system to ensure it best supports working families, including those who adopt.
I would be happy to discuss that further with my hon.
Friend, or make sure a Minister discusses it further with her.
Have the Government done an equality assessment on how cancelling family reunion differentially impacts those from ethnic minority backgrounds?
The Home Secretary has set out our approach and the action we will be taking in this area, and I will make sure that the hon.
Lady receives a response from the Home Office on the matter that she raises.
Shelter’s “My colour speaks before me” report highlights systemic discrimination in access to housing, from disproportionate scrutiny of applicants to barriers in both social and private rented housing.
How are the Government ensuring that tackling structural racism is at the heart of housing reform and this Government’s policies?
We are determined to ensure that we have high-quality housing available, including social housing for rent, and that people have the opportunity to buy their own home.
There is no place for racism in our housing system.
If my hon.
Friend will share with me the details of the report that she mentions, I will look into that further on her behalf.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 3 September.
On Sunday, we won the contract for the biggest defence deal that Norway has ever placed.
That is a £10 billion investment, securing 15 years of shipbuilding in Scotland and across the rest of the United Kingdom.
One day later on Monday, we launched 30 hours of free childcare for working families.
Not only does that save working parents £7,500 a year, but it will transform the life chances of our children, because every child will start reception with an equal opportunity to achieve their potential.
That is a Labour Government in action, delivering for working people.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Economically deprived high streets and poorer high streets are flooded with gambling shops.
The “aim to permit” legislation prevents councils from saying no.