I will touch on that a little later.
I wish I could understand—perhaps my hon.
Friend can help me out with this.
If, on the one hand, the European Union is a source of colonisation that has this disrespect towards the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland, but, on the other hand, as part of a trade agreement we would simply trust each other to mutually enforce each other’s rules without any level of oversight, at what point do we start trusting these colonisers, as opposed to recognising that as part of an international trade treaty, we both have to stick to the same set of rules and see them upheld?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
At the end of the day, whether the hon.
and learned Member for North Antrim and I like it or not, and I do, they are allies in virtually the biggest trading area—in fact, it is the largest—in the world, but I accept that Members have concerns.
I am not trying to deny that, and I am not trying to demean them or push them under the carpet.
I also do not want to revisit the pre-referendum process.
It is unavailing at this stage to rehash or regurgitate the arguments, warnings, finger pointing, claims, vilifications, passions and tensions that at times dominated the debate in the lead-up to and during the last weeks of the referendum campaign, but the situation we face is a direct result and consequence of that decision—of that, in my view, there is no doubt.
I believe it is fair to say that personalities, rather than policies, often dominated the discussions and debates at the time.
I also believe that, at times, high-politics issues around sovereignty, self-determination and other factors came into play.
However, such matters are really symmetrical.
That is the nature of the democratic debate and of the democratic debate that we have in this country, for better or worse.
Does the hon.
Gentleman accept that one consequence is that we have a United Kingdom in part of which people have a second-class citizenship compared with the rest of the United Kingdom?
Does he have any solutions, other than the solution put forward by  the hon.
and learned Member for North Antrim (Jim Allister)  in his brilliant Bill, as he brings intellectual rigour to try to address this intractable problem?
I think the fact that the hon.
Gentleman used the word “intractable” gives us a clue about how challenging it actually is.
When a country decides, for better or for worse, to withdraw from a treaty to which it has been a signatory for more than 50 years, issues are bound to arise.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the Bill undermines not only the UK’s adherence to the Windsor framework, but the  security architecture that the Belfast agreement underpins?
The Belfast agreement is not just a peace settlement, but a cornerstone of our national security strategy.
By jeopardising our reputation as a trustworthy international partner, the Bill would weaken our ability to collaborate with allies on global security challenges.
Does he not agree that by maintaining the integrity of the agreement, we are safeguarding our national security and international standing?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
We have to be very careful of the law of unintended consequences when we go down a particular path.
Issues are bound to arise that either no one thought about or thought would have significance outside of an abstract environment but subsequently became significant, or that were parked so that we could come back to them at a later date.
The reality, as we found throughout the whole post-referendum period—oven-ready this and oven-ready that—is that lots of things that were parked are coming back to bite.
The problem with that, as I said, is the law of unseen and ignored consequences—those things are waiting around the corner, and turn up like an uninvited and unwelcome guest in our house.