The Government cannot say to my constituents, “You are equal citizens, but you will not be governed by British laws.”
That is what the Government are saying to my constituents in North Antrim and to people across Northern Ireland. “
You have equal citizenship, but some are more equal than others.
Some will be ruled by the laws that this Parliament makes, or by those that the devolved Assemblies make, but you will be ruled by laws that someone else makes for you, and be grateful for it.”
That is where we have got to on this issue.
It is not just insulting but frankly unacceptable for the people of Northern Ireland to be treated in this way.
Given the Government’s enthusiasm to maintain the unworkable status quo, they should reflect on the fact that there is about to be a new President of the United States who has made it very plain that he is in tariff mode.
If he carries through his tariffs, this United Kingdom Government will need a trade deal.
Why would a President of the United States do a trade deal with the United Kingdom if the UK has a back door that is open to the EU?
That is the consequence of this protocol.
We do not have a secure international trade border; the border with the EU is porous, and by all reports, Mr Trump is pretty adverse to the EU.
Why would he ever do a deal with the United Kingdom with that back door open?
Should this Government not take the opportunity presented by this Bill to say, “We will fix this arrangement, and then we can convince the Americans that we are a  safe and secure partner in a trade deal”?
So long as the protocol exists, we cannot give the United States of America that certainty.
It is in the national interest, the Government’s interest and our trading interest to fix this arrangement, so that we can pursue a trade deal with the Americans—who, at the end of the day, are our best friends in all this—on the best possible terms.
The hon.
and learned Gentleman has already outlined that there are 300 tightly bound areas where the EU influences Northern Irish legislation, but it sounds very much as if he is now suggesting that the United Kingdom should operate under whatever remit the President-elect of the United States chooses to set for us.
Policy is made here in Parliament, not in DC.
I only wish that the laws for Northern Ireland were made in this Parliament, or in our devolved institutions.
If the hon.
Member has been listening at all, surely he has understood that there are 300 vast areas—they are not self-contained; they are expanding, and have already been expanded—on which laws are made in a foreign Parliament.
That is the fundamental point.
If we want a trade deal with the United States, we have to show that it will be a bona fide trade deal with the United Kingdom, not with a surrogate of the EU through a back door that is wide open.
I note that the hon.
and learned Gentleman failed to answer the question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Belfast South and Mid Down (Claire Hanna) .
He talks about doing a deal with the United States of America on trade.
How could we possibly be taken seriously as a trade partner by any country in the world in future if we broke the deals that we already have on the table?
If the deal was reached under false pretences—if it was reached in breach of international law, because it breached respect for territorial integrity—yes, the first thing this Government should do is reverse that arrangement.
They should not continue with a deal that does not respect the territorial integrity of this United Kingdom.