They are still available right across the piece, and the right hon.
Gentleman knows that.
Over a number years in this place, I have sometimes felt that I have not been listened to by the Government of the day.
That is what I believed. [
Interruption.]
I was often listened to by  the hon.
Member for Brentwood and Ongar (Alex Burghart) , who is on the Opposition Front Bench, and I completely accept that there were honourable exceptions.
But at the end of the day, we live in a democracy in which we can challenge time after time, and we have to be persistent.
I repeat that there are differences of opinion, but I respect them.
I hope that today’s debate is being conducted in an as open and transparent way as possible.
This is not the end of the matter.
Even if the Bill does not go through, the matter is not over.
Nobody is going to pretend that somehow we are all going to go our separate ways and no one is ever going to ask a question or challenge a Minister in the future.
This issue will come back time after time.
I know emotion has its place, but so do hard facts, statistics and evidence, and they have to be balanced against one another.
However, passion can sometimes lead to a febrile atmosphere that dominates, and we have to guard against that.
My hon.
Friend is making a powerful speech, especially on the language we use.
In my maiden speech, I said that when I agree with a Member on the other side, I would say so in this House.
I call out  the right hon.
Member for Richmond and Northallerton  (Rishi Sunak) , who I believe did a good thing with the Windsor framework.
After nearly 10 years of moving away from the European Union, he took a practical step that led to a serious improvement.
I want to put that on the record, because I think it is important.
This House often debates the most challenging and sensitive matters.
In this Chamber last Friday, we saw how a sensitive and intense debate based on conviction rather than dogma brings out the best in the House.
That is why I have been looking forward to this debate and to listening to the views of colleagues of all political persuasions, and I hope I have done that.
The hon.
and learned Member for North Antrim gave the House a heads-up on this Bill with his previous actions.
For example, the putative incompatibility of article 6 of the Acts of Union with the Belfast agreement was ruled out on all counts by the Supreme Court, as far as I am aware.
I am sure Members on both sides of the Chamber will recognise that engagement with this debate is done in good faith, even where there are differences of opinion.
I thank the hon.
and learned Gentleman for his explanatory notes on the Bill.
I read them with interest, particularly paragraph 11:
“The purpose of the Bill is to provide Ministers with the power to make changes to the operation of the Windsor Framework in domestic law, restore the cross-community imperative of the Belfast (Good Friday) Agreement in respect of continuance of the Windsor Framework and to safeguard democracy, peace and stability in Northern Ireland.”
In my view, this is effectively a reincarnation of the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill 2022, which caused concern in so many quarters, domains and jurisdictions.
The Government of the time acknowledged that there would be non-performance of their international obligations out of necessity.
They said that they sought to reach a negotiated settlement with the European Union to forestall the need to invoke the concept of necessity.
The previous Government subsequently withdrew the Bill, because they believed they had secured the necessary conditions they sought, as set out in the UK-EU withdrawal agreement.