Under EU law, to which we are subject, the entry point to the EU is the ports of Northern Ireland.
Mr Justice Colton said that EU regulations must be interpreted according to EU law as a result of article 4.1 of the withdrawal agreement and article 13.2 of the protocol, which, he goes on to say, have domestic effect in the United Kingdom under section 7A the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.
He said that under the withdrawal agreement it is at Northern Ireland ports that EU territory is entered.
He went on:
“The UK is not to be treated as a unitary state for the purposes of OCR checks coming from GB into NI.”
Could it be any more stark that Northern Ireland has been colonised by the EU?
What is a colony?
It is a territory governed by someone else’s laws from a foreign jurisdiction.
When 300 areas of law—including customs, and including the very definition of Northern Ireland’s territory in trading terms—are governed by foreign EU laws, we have created a situation in which, in that context, Northern Ireland is a veritable colony.
There are many people in the House—the Government Benches opposite are populated by many of them—who boast of their anti-colonialism.
They constantly pride themselves on their anti-colonial heritage.
Yet here we have a part of this United Kingdom colonised  by EU law, to the point that we are told that when someone enters the ports of Northern Ireland, they enter EU territory.
I believe the European Union is our ally—it is 27 democracies—and I am concerned about some of the language I am hearing.
The hon.
and learned Gentleman talks of colonisation and surrender; is that the message we want to send to our 27 friends and allies in the European Union?
Maybe the hon.
Member could help me.
What would he call taking a territory and subjecting it to someone else’s laws?
What would he call it other than colonisation?
Is that not the very essence of what he and his colleagues wear as a badge of pride in their anti-colonialism?
Is that not what it is in name and in truth?
Does the hon.
and learned Gentleman remember that in the Brexit negotiations those so-called allies made it clear that the price of Brexit would be Northern Ireland’s removal from the United Kingdom?
Far from being allies, they declared themselves to want to be colonisers.
Yes, that was the boast of Mr Barnier and his staff: that the price of Brexit would be Northern Ireland—and so it has proved to be.
That may be something of indifference, or indeed pride, for some people in this House, but it should be a badge of shame that we allowed a part of the United Kingdom to be colonised by the EU, and that we have surrendered our rights to make our own laws.
For the record, is it the hon.
and learned Gentleman’s view that the 27 member states of the European Union are not our allies?
At least one Member has made that point, as has another next to him.
It is important to have this on the record for the House: does the hon.
and learned Gentleman believe the 27 member states of the European Union are allies of the United Kingdom, or not?
I certainly do.
The EU has behaved not as a friend to Northern Ireland.
The EU has behaved as a sovereignty grabber in respect of Northern Ireland.
That is where it caused, and continues to cause, the offence.
If hon.
Members think it is a good thing to back that up and endorse it, they obviously do not think very much of the territory of Northern Ireland.
We are moving slightly into the ridiculous; may I bring us back to the main point?
The purpose of the Bill that the hon.