Would my hon.
Friend reflect on why disapplying the role of north-south co-operation would be consistent with the intent of upholding the Good Friday agreement?
That is a relevant point for him to reflect on.
That is a really good point, and I am pleased we are having this debate, because these are the points we need to consider carefully when we look at these issues and figure them out.
It is an excellent point; I think we will all reflect on that, and I hope the hon.
and learned Member for North Antrim and hon.
Gentleman across the Chamber reflect on it.
It is important to note that the protection of the Belfast agreement was paramount and that was there to reassure the communities of Northern Ireland.
I hope that this debate continues, notwithstanding some of the points that the hon.
and learned Member for North Antrim made, so that people understand that we are here to reassure as much as we can.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I will, but I first want to make a point about the hon.
and learned Member for North Antrim.
I know that he holds views that are born out of real belief in, and commitment to, his constituents and the wider communities across the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and that is exactly the view that I take.
I hold views born out of a real belief in, and commitment to, my constituents, and every Member in this Chamber takes that approach.
Who am I to challenge their integrity on that?
I am not in any way going to attempt that, either from my side or to cast aspersions on the other side.
The hon.
Gentleman mentioned the 3% of EU laws that we have to obey.
Would the hon.
Member like his constituents to be unable to get drugs for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and diabetes, as is the case in Northern Ireland?
Would his constituents like that?
The hon.
Gentleman can get veterinary drugs in his constituency that we cannot get.
Would he like that situation for his constituency?
Let us say that the  hon.
Gentleman had a dog and wanted to take it to his neighbouring constituency—would he like it if he needed to get a passport to come back?
Does he not think that this situation is unfair on us in Northern Ireland, as we are meant to be part of the United Kingdom?
The framework attempts to do that, and there is nothing, I suspect, that prevents those issues being teased out in more detail as time goes by, but at the end of the day, I do not live in a perfect world—I do not know about anybody else.
I have constituents, for example, who have been unable to get access to drugs, and that is nothing to do with this issue; it is to do with a whole range of matters that have developed over the past 14 years in relation to Government policy, but I do not want to go there.
I and other hon.
Members are trying to do the best we possibly can, given the circumstances we have inherited.
I know that might be cold comfort for some Members across the Chamber, but it is said with the best intent and with sincerity.
It is not to brush this matter aside; it is a recognition that there are challenges, but those challenges were bound to crop up given some of the points I raised earlier.
rose—
rose—
I will give way first to  the hon.
Member for South Antrim (Robin Swann)  and then to  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) .
I thank the hon.
Member for making that point.
It looks like I will not get to make a speech, but I want to put on the record that the Ulster Unionist party actually campaigned to remain in the European Union.