Far from being a bonanza, this has turned out to be anything but.
I have already pointed out that the one sector that is flourishing is the service sector.
That does not just happen to be the case; it is able to flourish because it is outside the protocol.
And things will get worse: next  Friday, when the general product safety regulation comes into force, many small suppliers will simply stop supplying because of the bureaucratic burden that will be placed on them.
Already, in so many cases, when someone wants to buy an item online, this will pop up: “Not available in Northern Ireland.”
Why is that?
Because the small suppliers from Great Britain find it impossible to handle the burden of bureaucracy, so they are simply saying, “We are not supplying to Northern Ireland.”
That is hugely frustrating for so many people in Northern Ireland—including, I might say, Mrs Allister, who, like many a woman, wants to order things and then finds that they are not available in Northern Ireland.
How would hon.
Members from Great Britain feel if “not available in Scotland,” “not available in Wales” and “not available in England” constantly popped up?
Would they not be asking why?
And when they heard the answer, “It is something called the protocol,” why would they continue to be enthusiasts for the very thing that is blocking their consumers from getting the supplies they need?
This is a practical issue.
I commend the hon.
and learned Gentleman’s passion, but his problems are not unique.
Anywhere in the highlands and islands of Scotland, or even in peripheral parts of England, has the same delivery problems as he does.
Ours is not a delivery problem; ours is a bar on sending.
Ours is not just that it is too difficult; ours is that it is too difficult because of the international customs requirements.
That is the difference between us and the highlands and islands.
I am sure the highlands and islands do have that delivery problem, and I am sure that small businesses do shirk the desire to serve them, but in Northern Ireland it is for a more fundamental and compelling reason.
The frustrations that the hon.
and learned Member is talking about are surely a good argument for what the Government are trying to do in resetting the relationship between the UK and the EU.
Therefore, this Bill would only undermine the UK’s credibility in doing that with our international partners.
Does he agree that we need to remain focused on the issues going forward, rather than going over these points again?
This Bill is prospective in its tone and purpose.
It is about going forward.
It is about solving the problem that has been put upon us.
The hon.
Member says, “Oh, let’s reset.”
For some, of course, that means, “Let’s rejoin.”
That is a matter for those who are advocating for it, but it is certainly not where I would like to see this United Kingdom go.
Yes, we need to reset, but we need to reset on the basis that Brexit is for all, not just for some.
When we reset on that basis, the Government will not have me constantly raising these issues, because I will have the equal citizenship that has been denied to me and my constituents by these arrangements.
Fundamentally, this is an equal citizenship issue.
The thought that they are being treated differently, by being denied the equal citizenship of the rest of the United Kingdom, is quite appalling and insulting to many people in Northern Ireland.
Article 2 of the protocol has been mentioned in an intervention.
The Government said a couple of nights ago that they will appeal the findings in one of the cases in Northern Ireland, although, listening to the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, I think it is a pretty half-hearted appeal.
Article 2 shows us that it is not just about trade.