Members think it is a good thing to back that up and endorse it, they obviously do not think very much of the territory of Northern Ireland.
We are moving slightly into the ridiculous; may I bring us back to the main point?
The purpose of the Bill that the hon.
and learned Gentleman has drafted is simply to provide a solution for what is currently an unworkable position.
I say to Government Members that it is not about 27 nations hating the UK; ultimately, it is about function.
Sir Jonathan Faull, who was the director general of the EU internal market service directorate, ended up as director general of the taskforce for strategic issues related to the UK referendum, and he and his team came to a simple conclusion: the only way to make the situation workable was to have, in essence, what is in the Bill.
He has put out a statement  today to say exactly that.
It is a practical issue, and those who knew and understood the difficulties at the time said there was a way to do this, but they were ignored.
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
Those of us who are looking for a solution are supporters of this Bill, because we cannot go on as we are.
Those who think that it is okay to subjugate part of their own territory are opposed to this Bill.
They are quite content with the colonisation of part of our territory.
In constitutional terms, where we have ended up is that Northern Ireland is no longer a full part of the United Kingdom.
Why?
It is because we are not our own masters in 300 areas of law and that a foreign jurisdiction makes those laws.
What does that create?
It creates what is called, in constitutional terms, a condominium: Northern Ireland is ruled in part by UK laws and in part by foreign laws. [
Interruption.]
The hon.
Member for Walthamstow (Ms Creasy)  finds that hilarious—sorry, it is not hilarious to be subjected to that.
I find myself surprised to agree to an extent with the former leader of the Conservative party,  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) : we need to move away from some of the ridiculous, extreme language.
There is no reason why the European Union would want to colonise Northern Ireland.
Are we not talking about a sensible agreement that does not seek to impose sovereignty but instead seeks simply to avoid a hard border on the island of Ireland, to safeguard the Good Friday agreement in all its dimensions and, at the same time, protect Northern Ireland’s place in the UK and in the UK internal market?
Should we not recognise that and stop using extreme language that does nothing to take the debate sensibly forward?
The whole purpose of this Bill is to restore equilibrium and to get us to a point at which we have a sensible relationship based upon mutual respect, not on the grabbing of the sovereignty, one from the other.
That is where we have got to.
The hon.
Member may not like to face up to it, but a whole raft of jurisprudence and lawmaking has been removed from within the reach of this United Kingdom and placed within the control of a foreign body, and that is not the basis for a sustainable solution.
Will the hon.
and learned Gentleman give way?
I have given way quite often, so I am going to make some progress.
That is why what I regard as the two liberation clauses in my Bill, clauses five and two, exist.
They are the clauses that will free the whole United Kingdom, and Northern Ireland in particular, from this malevolent situation in which a huge portion of our laws are made not by ourselves but by others.
That is very important.