I thank the hon.
Member for making that point.
It looks like I will not get to make a speech, but I want to put on the record that the Ulster Unionist party actually campaigned to remain in the European Union.
We thought it best at that point, because we foresaw exactly what is happening now.
We respect the referendum of this United Kingdom, but we are now seeing the enabling of what we were concerned about because of the lack of interest in this House with regard to some of the regulations that are coming through and how they are applied to Northern Ireland.
The hon.
Member mentioned medicines.
Yes, we have supply issues, which are global issues, but we also have additional supply issues because of regulation from the European Union.
As far as I am aware, the framework attempts to tackle some of those issues.
I completely accept that the hon.
Member maybe does not accept that or does not want to accept it; I do not know.
I am not casting aspersions at all on the integrity or beliefs of Members.
At no time do I say anything that denies the right of people to hold the views that they hold, which are clearly, deeply and obviously felt.
In a way, I actually celebrate those differences.
I thank the hon.
Member for his contribution.
I want to give the point of view of my constituent, who runs a business.
She says, “I currently supply materials to a lady in Devon, who then produces goods for sale within the United Kingdom, only I’m at a complete loss as to what to do regarding the GPSR rules coming in.
The United Kingdom voted to leave the EU.
Successive Parliaments have done what they can to make this nation as dysfunctional as possible and  return us to EU subjugation.”
What would the hon.
Member tell my constituent’s business, which must close as part of the price to pay to further the aim of having an all-Ireland Irish Republic?
That is what my constituent says, and it is very much contrary to what the hon.
Gentleman said.
As I understand it, that issue is being negotiated.
I understand what the hon.
Gentleman says, but I do not accept the point he made about subjugation.
I do not think it is subjugation, and I will come to that.
I understand what the hon.
Gentleman is saying.
I respect the point he made, and I respect the views of his constituents, just as I respect the views of my constituents.
But it does not alter the fact that the negotiation is taking place.
As I said before—I will repeat it again—these things are never, ever symmetrical.
I know that the hon.
Member and others on the Government Benches have tried to make light of the use of the words “subjugation”, “colonisation” and everything else, but almost every week in this place, Members complain that Ministers do not come to this House to explain and elucidate on their policies, and that they are not prepared to be questioned on those policies, and quite rightly so.
If Ministers were able to do that continuously in this place, would Labour Members not be claiming that we did not have accountable Government, that we did not have a Government who respected democracy, and that they were subjugating the people who are affected by those laws?
I guarantee that no Members present would accept that from Ministers in this place, but they accept it in Northern Ireland.
In this place, we are enabled to ask these questions in a whole variety of different ways, including oral questions, written questions and meetings with Ministers.
They are still available right across the piece, and the right hon.
Gentleman knows that.
Over a number years in this place, I have sometimes felt that I have not been listened to by the Government of the day.