I accept the constitutional reality; I accept that we are members of the United Kingdom.
I am seeking to change that democratically, so he will never again question my commitment to democracy in Northern Ireland.
I acknowledge the hon.
Member’s speech, but let me say this: it is no stunt to ask, on behalf of my constituents, for what every other part of this United Kingdom has—the right to be ruled by laws we makes ourselves.
It is no stunt to ask for equal citizenship; it is no stunt to say that this United Kingdom—the clue is in the title—should not be partitioned by an international customs border.
Will the hon.
and learned Member give way?
I will when I have dealt with some other points.
That is an assault upon the sincerity and efficacy of those who dare to say, “If we are part of the United Kingdom, we need to be treated as part of the United Kingdom.”
The hon.
Member for Belfast South and Mid Down (Claire Hanna)  did not explain why she thinks it right to disenfranchise her constituents and to reject a workable and practical solution.
Those who reject a workable and practical solution are those who do not want such a solution in respect of the Irish border.
That was very clear from her intervention.
Several years ago, former Prime Minister Boris Johnson told us that there was an oven-ready deal.
That was clearly not the case, because we are still discussing this.
The hon.
and learned Member has mentioned mutual enforcement, but nowhere in the world does mutual enforcement happen wholesale under trading regulations between countries.
The only workable deal that has been struck was reached not by politics, but  through a pragmatic working out, and that is the Windsor framework.
Is he selling something that cannot actually work?
The mutual enforcement idea has been described by the EU Commission as magical thinking.
I remind the Minister that the magical thinking came from the EU itself, through Jonathan Faull and his colleagues, who made that very suggestion.
And why would what I suggest not work?
If the EU is our friend—if we trust it and it trusts us—why would it not trust us to keep our word on imposing its standards on our goods entering its territory?
If that does not work, then it is time to talk about alternatives, but that proposal should be the starting point.
There was the whimsical dismissal that it would not work, even though it has never been tried.
The really chilling thing about the Minister’s intervention is its subtext: “Suck it up, Northern Ireland.
You’re no longer a full part of the United Kingdom.
You will just live like a colony of the EU, under its laws in 300 areas.
We have no empathy and no desire to fix it; we will just leave you in that position.”
That is the chilling import of her intervention.
It may be helpful to remind the Minister that the EU’s own expert, Mr Lars Karlsson, said in his “Smart Border 2.0” report that with technology and good will, all these issues could be overcome.
However, the politics of Mr Varadkar and the EU overrode that.
That is absolutely right, and in Northern Ireland we suffer the consequences of those aggressive political agendas every day.
If the Government are saying, “This is fine; there is nothing to see here.
We don’t need to fix anything,” then they are not just insulting the intelligence of those of us who introduced the Bill, but saying to my constituents, “You can carry on being second-class citizens.”
The Government cannot say to my constituents, “You are equal citizens, but you will not be governed by British laws.”
That is what the Government are saying to my constituents in North Antrim and to people across Northern Ireland. “
You have equal citizenship, but some are more equal than others.