Article 2 of the protocol has been mentioned in an intervention.
The Government said a couple of nights ago that they will appeal the findings in one of the cases in Northern Ireland, although, listening to the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, I think it is a pretty half-hearted appeal.
Article 2 shows us that it is not just about trade.
That was the initial selling point of the protocol, “Oh, it is only about trade,” but now we have discovered, through article 2, that it has a most pervasive effect on all sorts of things.
Legislation in the last Parliament has been overturned in its application in Northern Ireland.
Why?
Because of article 2.
Now, whether we liked or disliked the Rwanda Bill is not the point.
The point is that our High Court and Court of Appeal have ruled that the provisions of the Rwanda Bill cannot be operated in Northern Ireland.
Why?
Because of article 2.
Why is that?
Because article 2 subjects Northern Ireland to the EU’s human rights provisions, not the UK’s human rights provisions.
Protections that exist for asylum seekers under EU law therefore prevent the measures from operating.
It is not about the debate of the merits or de-merits; it is about the constitutional fact that a Bill of this House, the sovereign will of that time of this supposedly sovereign Parliament, could not be implemented in a part of the United Kingdom because of the supremacy of EU law.
Will the hon.
and learned Gentleman give way?
No, I will finish my point.
That is the fundamental issue here.
We also had it on the legacy Bill.
Again, it is not about the merits or the de-merits of the legacy Bill, much of which I abhorred; it is about the principle that our courts in this United Kingdom rule.
The provisions of this Parliament—the sovereign will of this Parliament—are overridden by the laws of a foreign jurisdiction.
That is the fundamental issue of sovereignty at stake here.
That is why clause 2 will address the import of article 2 by making it something that cannot be given effect in domestic law.
I thank the hon.
and learned Gentleman for giving way.
I hope he will recognise that it is not laughter on the Government Benches, but bemusement at the inconsistency.
He opines about his anger that a third party can make law in Northern Ireland.
Many of us tried to untangle the inconsistencies in the Rwanda legislation.
The right hon.
Member for Belfast East (Gavin Robinson)  and I tried in vain to raise it with the previous Government.
The critical issue was the right to remedy and the rights it gave people in Northern Ireland to petition a third party if they thought their Government was overbearing on their own basic rights.
The hon.
and learned Gentleman has himself used those rights: he has chosen to go to the Supreme Court and that is why we are here today.
He has not chosen to go to the Court in Strasbourg—that would be his right and I would support him in doing so—but why would he deny the right to remedy to the rest of his fellow residents of Northern Ireland, as the Bill would, when he says he thinks it was wrong for that right to be protected by the European Court of Human Rights in the first place?
Order.
I remind Members that it is up to the Member who is on their feet whether they want to accept an intervention.
I have been very generous in giving way.
In a way I am not assisting my cause, because I know Government Members want to talk the Bill out.
I would rather see them take a stand on whether they are for or against the subjugation of sovereignty within the United Kingdom.
I am going to move on and deal with these issues.
The hon.