How could we possibly be taken seriously as a trade partner by any country in the world in future if we broke the deals that we already have on the table?
If the deal was reached under false pretences—if it was reached in breach of international law, because it breached respect for territorial integrity—yes, the first thing this Government should do is reverse that arrangement.
They should not continue with a deal that does not respect the territorial integrity of this United Kingdom.
That is the fundamental principle of international law, and if international law has been disregarded to get this arrangement, the arrangement is disreputable and not worthy of continuation.
That would be of more interest to our American friends than our saying, “We will make a deal that will sell out some of our own people—that will create circumstances where any trade deal we do will benefit the EU through the back door—but please, Mr President, make a deal with us.”
That will not happen, and the Government need to realise that.
Let me try to draw my remarks to a conclusion by turning to clause 19.
It seeks to reinstate the fundamental operating principle of the Belfast agreement, which is that every key decision in Northern Ireland, because of our divided and troubled past, should and must be made on a cross-community basis.
It is there in black and white in the agreement, yet next Tuesday, the most key decision that the Northern Ireland Assembly has ever taken will come before it without a need for it to have cross-community consent.
That decision will be on whether Northern Ireland should continue, in 300 areas  of law, to surrender its lawmaking powers to a foreign Parliament.
There is nothing more fundamental, either to Northern Ireland’s constitutional status or to the governance of the people of Northern Ireland, than that.
However, to ensure the desired outcome of that vote, a move was made to remove, especially for that vote, the cross-community requirement, so that for the first time in over 50 years we will have a majoritarian decision of considerable import taken in Northern Ireland.
That is a rigging of the arrangements of the Belfast agreement.
Strange as it might be, through this Bill, I am the one championing the requirements of the Belfast agreement by asking: if the modus operandi is to ensure cross-community support, why has the vote been rigged to remove cross-community support?
One might have thought that the hon.
Member for Belfast South and Mid Down would be the champion of the Belfast agreement, and would want to ensure that its fundamental operating principle of cross-community support was respected, but no: she and her party are cheerleading for the vote.
They brought the matter to the Assembly when the Executive failed to.
It is an important point—a point that cuts to the heart of the operation and stability of the Belfast agreement—that for the first time, a key decision is to be taken not on the prescribed cross-community basis, but on a majoritarian basis.
What does that say to me and my community?
It says, “You don’t really matter.
It is more important that we get this vote through.
Cross-community?
Ah, that was about protecting nationalism.
It was never about protecting Unionism.”
Well, sorry, but we are calling that in today.
We say, if it is good enough for nationalism, it should be good enough for Unionism.
Why are this Government and this House trying to say to Unionism in Northern Ireland, “You don’t matter on this issue.
We will railroad you”?
That is the fundamental point.
Is it not the hon.
and learned Member’s position that Brexit does not require cross-community consent?
In the eight elections since Brexit, the people of Northern Ireland have rejected Brexit.
However, he says that the protections require cross-community consent.
It is a case of consent for thee, but not for me.