That is the point here.
The hon.
and learned Gentleman and I share a common concern, then.
My constituents in Walthamstow do benefit from the protection of their human rights, because we are still members of the European Court of Human Rights.
Indeed, equal access to those human rights is what the Good Friday agreement was based on.
The effect that his legislation would have on article 2 of the Windsor framework would breach those principles, so if it went through, would there not be less of a connection between constituents here in England and constituents in Northern Ireland?
I respectfully and utterly disagree.
As part of the United Kingdom, we are all subject to the Human Rights Act 1998.
The Human Rights Act is what fundamentally gives the hon.
Lady’s constituents the rights that they have in that sphere, and she would lose nothing by losing the control of the foreign court of the European Court of Justice.
I am listing examples of the 300 areas of law that have been purloined by the EU in its sovereignty grab over Northern Ireland.
I mentioned the 34 different diktats on animals.
We have even reached the point in Northern Ireland where, under these arrangements, our cattle can no longer bear a UK ear tag.
They now have to have a specified European Union ear tag.
That is but an illustration of how absurd and utterly wrong and offensive it is that the right to make the laws in our own country has been surrendered to a foreign power.
All those 300 areas are set forth in annex 2 of the protocol or, as it is now more kindly called, the Windsor framework.
Look at annex 2, look at the hundreds of laws—289 of them which now have been removed from the ambit of the lawmaking of this House or the lawmaking of the Northern Ireland Assembly.
It is amazing to look at the volume of law: there are 70 pages containing not the details of the law but simply the headings of the law.
That shows the extent to which the EU has its foot in the door in Northern Ireland.
Absolutely.
I printed them off a couple of months ago and I was staggered by how voluminous just the titles are.
It is not just 300 laws; it is 300 areas of law which have been surrendered.
I have a challenge for every Member of this House who comes from a different part of the United Kingdom from Northern Ireland—those who represent GB constituencies.
My challenge to them today is: “How would you feel if in 300 areas of law affecting your constituents, you had no input—you couldn’t change, you couldn’t move an amendment—because those laws were made colonial-like in a foreign Parliament by those elected not by your constituents but by the constituents of 27 other countries?”
How, I ask this House, could any democrat, any representative MP, say that is right and correct?
I thank the hon.
and learned Gentleman for introducing this debate.
He is talking about the democratic deficit; is it not right that the Northern Ireland Assembly will be debating consenting to the procedures on  10 December , and are we not pre-empting that debate by holding this debate here now?
I will be dealing with that, but the hon.
Member invites us to think that it is appropriate that those elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly should turn up on Tuesday of next week and vote to disenfranchise their own constituents—to say, “You, our constituents in Northern Ireland who sent us to the Northern Ireland Assembly, we are not worthy to make your laws.
We must bow to the superiority of a foreign Parliament, and we must surrender to that foreign Parliament the right to make these laws in hundreds of areas of law.”
The hon.