It cannot be done, so we must have a border—in our case, in the Irish sea.
But this week a statutory instrument was laid before this House that does exactly that.
It does it for goods that come from the EU, via Northern Ireland, to GB.
It says that the goods can be checked wherever they arrive, such as at factories or other premises; they do not have to be checked at the border.
If we can do that for goods coming through Northern Ireland to GB, why can we not do it in reverse?
Of course we could check goods without tampering with sovereignty; we could do so anywhere within the territory of the United Kingdom.
It is not the impracticability of carrying out the necessary checks that is the problem; it is the fact that under the surrender of sovereignty it has been insisted that they are carried out in the Irish sea border.
That brings me to clauses 16 to 18 and the concept they would permit of mutual enforcement.
I readily accept that the clauses draw heavily on the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill 2022—which found the approval of the previous Parliament—but they are none the worse for that.
What they do is simple: they say that two respecting neighbours—that is what I hope the United Kingdom and the EU are—with the necessary trust between each other can operate a system where they mutually check the goods flowing through their territory to ensure they meet the standards of the recipient territory.
That is a fundamental tenet of much of international trade.
It is something that can be built upon in respect of this matter that the United Kingdom says, “Yes, we know the EU wants to protect, it tells us, its single market and, yes, we want to protect our single market, so we will undertake, by virtue of criminal sanction for those who do not, to check that goods flowing from our factories to your consumers, from our territory to your territory, meet the standards you set, and we expect you to do the same.”
That can be done without any of the paraphernalia that we presently have.
On this particular point, it is worth pointing out that the EU already does it.
In its agreements with New Zealand, for example, it trusts that specific veterinary practices to check lamb and other products arriving in the EU are done at the point of departure.
By the time they get to Rotterdam, they are cleared straight through on the basis that they respect the checks done by those veterinary companies.
They already did it for 40 years with UK companies where any subsequent checks had to be done.
All this is already being done.
The question is: why is it not being done for the arrangement we have at the moment?
I absolutely agree.
The fascinating point is the very concept was articulated from and originated within the EU itself.
During the early stages of the negotiations, Sir Jonathan Faull and academics Daniel Sarmiento and Joseph Weiler came up with that proposition.
It is not my proposition.
It is not a United Kingdom proposition.
It was an EU proposition.
They said the answer is mutual enforcement.
Today we have a statement from those three gentlemen, which has been made public.
It says, “On Friday of this week, the House of Commons will be debating a Bill which attempts to address some of the difficulties resulting from the Brexit divorce agreements between the EU and the UK, which might be of interest to readers.
In 2019, we proposed a solution which would have obviated any need for these complicated and divisive legal manoeuvres.
The UK and the EU could have respected each other’s positions and saved everyone a great deal of time and effort.
The Financial Times characterised the proposal as a ‘win-win solution’.
Regrettably, it was not followed.”
I echo that: regrettably, it was not followed.