Member invites us to think that it is appropriate that those elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly should turn up on Tuesday of next week and vote to disenfranchise their own constituents—to say, “You, our constituents in Northern Ireland who sent us to the Northern Ireland Assembly, we are not worthy to make your laws.
We must bow to the superiority of a foreign Parliament, and we must surrender to that foreign Parliament the right to make these laws in hundreds of areas of law.”
The hon.
Member might think that is admirable and is the very epitome of democracy, but I happen to think it is the very opposite.
The Bill would create a democratic deficit that the hon.
and learned Member has already referred to, and the Windsor framework has addressed that with the Stormont brake, which allows the Northern Ireland Assembly to review all laws applied.
I respectfully suggest that the hon.
Member reads a little deeper.
She will discover that the Stormont brake is farcical.
The previous Member for North Antrim in this House aptly said it was like someone sitting in the back seat of a car and saying to the driver, “Would you ever be so kind as to pull the brake?”
That is what the Stormont brake is: a request to the British Government to pause the imposition of an EU law.
The British Government do not have to do it—there has been one request to date and nothing has happened about it—so it really is a fiction, and an insult to the democratic mandate of the people of Northern Ireland.
To continue the analogy, the Stormont brake has been described to me as rusty and not attached to anything.
And if we can pull it, nothing happens.
That is the value of it.
The most limp excuse that I hear for this plundering of the Northern Ireland statute book by the EU is, “Oh, international law requires this.”
Sorry?
What sort of international law says that a state must self-harm by disenfranchising its own voters?
There is no such international law.
I will deal later with the fundamental basics of international law and how they have been distorted in justification of these arrangements.
I commend the hon.
and learned Gentleman for bringing forward the Bill.
It is important for us in Northern Ireland and for this whole great United Kingdom to look at this.
Our constituents must not lose their place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland without consent, by stealth, but that is what is happening.
Brexit was a vote for all of us to leave Europe, not for Northern Ireland to leave the UK, and this outstanding matter is detrimental to our economy, peace and stability.
Does he agree that the Bill must be supported by all in the House if there is to be justice for all in this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
The hon.
Member touches on a fundamental.
In June 2016, we all had the opportunity to vote on Brexit.
Some liked it and some did not, but the question on the ballot paper was: “Do you want the United Kingdom to leave the EU?”
The question was not: “Would you like GB to leave the EU, and leave Northern Ireland behind?”
But that is what we got.
That is a fundamental denial of Brexit to my constituents in Northern Ireland.
That is the source of the disparity, and undemocratic consequences have flowed from that.
I mentioned the 300 areas of law.
They are all recited in annex 2 of the protocol.
It is no surprise that the first area of law covered in annex 2 is customs, and that the first law put on the people of Northern Ireland is the EU’s customs code: EU regulation 952/2013.
What does the customs code do?