This legislation touches on so many elements of that agreement, so today’s debate is also about us doing the important job that we pledged to do all those years ago, to improve and maintain peace and stability in Northern Ireland.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
I would be the first to admit that we do not always get these things right—whoever does?
What we have to do is try, try and try again, and attempt to do our best in good faith.
I will come back to that in a moment.
The hon.
Member has quoted some of the comments that were made in this House, but does he accept that of the two people who negotiated the very things that he is referring to, and to whom those comments refer, one thought that he had signed up to an agreement for no paperwork?
He said that if there was any paperwork, people should simply tear it up, as it does not matter.
Does he accept that the other one negotiated an agreement whose EU version was totally different from the version that he gave to this House and the people of Northern Ireland?
Let us not fall back too much on the comments made about either of the two agreements of the time, because many were made either with a lack of knowledge or with hope that was not fully founded.
I understand the right hon.
Gentleman’s comments, and I am not going to challenge the integrity of the people who were part of that negotiation.
It is not for me to challenge their integrity: they are hon.
Members, and I believe that they did what they did with the best intention.
During the statement on  27 February , I believe that, on the whole, most comments were supportive, but I acknowledge and accept that some were not, such as those from the right hon.
Gentleman himself.
He made his views known, as did others.
I acknowledge that some of the Members who spoke during that statement are in the Chamber today and express disquiet.
I welcome the fact that they have taken their places on the Benches, but their disquiet and the disquiet of others must be set in the context of the following—namely, that the agreement, according to the Command Paper, which is important and which I referred to earlier,
“narrows the range of EU rules applicable in Northern Ireland – to less than 3% overall by the EU’s own calculations.”
In any negotiation in the circumstances, coming away with that figure is not necessarily unreasonable.
Would a figure of 100% be the acid test?
Maybe it would, but I do not think so, given the circumstances—in practical terms, that is unlikely.
That is the nature of negotiation: otherwise, it would be called imposition.
We must recognise that those on the other side, who have their views, passions and commitment to their communities as well as their histories, have also been fraught with other people.
I will finish with this.
I do not accept the idea that some of our partners in the European Union—some of those eastern bloc European countries that were under the yoke of the Soviet Union as a coloniser—would  take the different view that they, in turn, were part of a group or cabal trying to impose a colonialist approach to another country.
How else would the hon.
Member describe a scenario in which a huge quota of laws are made in a foreign jurisdiction?
How else would he classify that than as colonialism?
I will touch on that a little later.
I wish I could understand—perhaps my hon.
Friend can help me out with this.