The Financial Times characterised the proposal as a ‘win-win solution’.
Regrettably, it was not followed.”
I echo that: regrettably, it was not followed.
Why was it not followed?
Because the politics took over.
Instead of looking for a workable, practical border solution, the politics of making the United Kingdom pay for leaving the EU took over.
That is how we got into this morass of a pernicious imposition through the border.
During the early stages of the negotiations, the permanent secretary of the then Brexit Department told the Select Committee that the Irish Government, before Leo Varadkar took over, were actually exploring those kinds of solutions.
The politics of the changeover in the Irish Republic and the willingness of Leo Varadkar to become the puppet of the EU in these negotiations stopped that method of looking at the border.
I fear that there is a lot of truth in that.
As I say, the politics took over.
A further truth is that for some—not all, but some—enthusiasts of the protocol arrangement of a nationalist or Irish republican persuasion, there is a political gain that subsumes all doubts that they might have as democrats.
For 30 years and more, the IRA terrorised through bomb and bullet to try to push the border to the Irish sea: “Brits out—push the border to the Irish sea!”
That is precisely what the protocol has done: it has pushed the border to the Irish sea.
Shame on you!
The hon.
Member may object from a sedentary position, but the challenge for her is whether her nationalism is more important to her than her democratic credentials.
rose—
I will give way to the hon.
Member in a moment, because I have mentioned her.
How can the hon.
Member, who calls herself a Social Democratic and Labour Member, look her constituents in the eye and say, “I believe you are not worthy to have your laws made by those you elect: I would rather they were made by those you don’t elect”?
Is it because the nationalist reach of the protocol is more important than the democratic detriment of the protocol?
If the hon.
and learned Member wants to talk about constitutional change, perhaps he might set out for the Chamber the numbers and the level of support for the Union before and after he began his Brexit adventures.
He will know that I, as a democrat, constitutionally compromise every single day, because I am a democrat, I am an adult and I live in a constitutional reality that is not of my choosing.
I am an Irish person living, working and upholding democracy in the United Kingdom.
The hon.
and learned Member will also know that none of his arguments about democratic deficit stand in any way, when his campaign suppressed the Northern Ireland Assembly, the legitimate expression and place of primary lawmaking for Northern Ireland, and when he created an enormous health sea border in the Irish sea.
His adventures—his hobby horses—have created a scenario in which one third of the population of Northern Ireland is on a health waiting list.
I and others who do not like exactly the way our constitutional arrangements are made stand up every day and work to solve those problems; all he wants to do is create them.
It is his actions, in fact, that are inserting the dynamism in the question about constitutional change.
Every time he pulls a stunt like this, he drives more people to seek to get out of the control of men like him.
I, as a democrat, uphold democracy.
I accept the constitutional reality; I accept that we are members of the United Kingdom.
I am seeking to change that democratically, so he will never again question my commitment to democracy in Northern Ireland.
I acknowledge the hon.