Maybe the Minister has one.
Why have we ripped out of the heart of the Belfast agreement the very thing that was supposed to give comfort to both sides—that neither side would get one over on them?
Why have we ripped that out of this agreement?
If the Minister wishes to tell me, I will gladly give way on that point.
There is even a further point about this vote on Tuesday.
Article 18.2 of the protocol says that the consent vote was to be
“reached strictly in accordance with the unilateral declaration made by the United Kingdom”
Government of October 2019.
I repeat: “strictly in accordance with”.
That unilateral declaration of October ’19 promised a public consultation before this vote.
It is there in black and white in the words of the declaration.
There has been no consultation.
So why are the Government inviting the Assembly to conduct a vote which breaches  the guidelines laid down by the protocol itself—that the consent vote should be strictly in accordance with that declaration?
That declaration included the promise of a public consultation, of which there has been none.
That is another question—
Will the hon.
and learned Member give way?
I would rather give way to the Minister on that issue, but I hear no answer.
The House has been patient as I have laid out the arguments for the Bill.
I see the Bill as an opportunity to restore the equilibrium, which I hope to have demonstrated has been destroyed in these arrangements.
That is the democratic equilibrium, the equilibrium of equal citizenship, the equilibrium of Northern Ireland’s place in the United Kingdom and the equilibrium of our relations with the EU.
All those are positives, all those are in the national interest, and all those are that which I believe should recommend themselves to the House.
I trust that the House will give favour to the Bill.
May I say that it is a delight to see you in the Chair, Madam Deputy Speaker?
I thank  the hon.
and learned Member for North Antrim (Jim Allister)  for giving the House the opportunity to debate the contents of his Bill, as set out in its 25 clauses, and the issues that surround it, which have clearly been the subject of consternation, to say the least, in some quarters.
I listened carefully to the many points and assertions that the hon.
and learned Gentleman made; no doubt everybody in the Chamber listened to them.
I do not underestimate the significance of the concerns—perceived, real or otherwise—that he and many others have in relation to the operation of the Windsor framework, which in effect was a successfully negotiated recalibration of the Northern Ireland protocol.
There is no doubt that all sides worked hard to achieve an agreement, given the obvious complexities, nuances and tensions that were bound to arise when the implementation of the decision to leave the European Union was made in the light of the 2016 referendum.
The detailed statement made by the most recent former Prime Minister, the response to it and the questions about it on  27 February 2023  set the tone, in my view—I think that is also the view of many other hon.
Members—for a genuine attempt on all sides of the negotiation to be as flexible as possible, given the circumstances.
I want to quote a few points from that debate.
The Prime Minister at the time said:
“Today’s agreement has three equally important objectives: first, allowing trade to flow freely within our UK internal market; secondly, protecting Northern Ireland’s place in our Union”—
we all agree with and recognise that—
“and thirdly, safeguarding sovereignty and closing the democratic deficit.
”—[Official Report,  27 February 2023 ; Vol.
728, c. 570.]
He went on to take each of those in turn in more detail.
He later said:
“Today’s agreement scraps 1,700 pages of EU law.” —[
Official Report,  27 February 2023 ; Vol.
728, c. 571.]