In the main, our veterinary medicines come from GB, and always have done, but now we face a cliff edge where, according to EU diktat, they can no longer come because we are subject to the veterinary requirements of the EU, not the United Kingdom.
Medicines that we have used safely and with no problems for decades are suddenly to be stopped.
The Government say that they will get a deal—well, let us see it.
Even the very thought that we have to go cap in hand to a foreign power to say, “Please could we have an arrangement where, from within our own country, we could bring our own medicines to another part of our own country?
Please could we do that?”,
is so humiliating at a national level and so prejudicial to our farming community.
I thank the hon.
and learned Member for giving way again; he continues to speak with passion.
The issue about medicines is really interesting.
I know that he has spoken at some length already, but it would be useful if he could outline some of the medicines that will be prohibited and what the alternatives to them will be.
There are human medicines, and there are veterinary medicines.
The vast swathe of veterinary medicines currently stand to be prohibited.
As for human medicines, there are some for diabetics that are still subject to difficulties.
rose—
The hon.
Member was the Health Minister in Northern Ireland and knows all about that, so I will gladly give way to him.
On that point—I see that Members are smiling; I am quite concerned about the attitude to the issue of some of those on the other Benches—a serious piece of work has been done with the European Union on the subject of continuing the supply of human medicines to Northern Ireland.
The challenge is not in the legislation but in the fact that producers and suppliers must meet EU requirements for specific Northern Ireland labelling, which makes it not worth their while to supply items to Northern Ireland, with the result that some manufacturers are still not doing so.
The hon.
Member knows that from experience.
I want to make some progress, and to make one point very strongly: the economic consequences are dire for Northern Ireland.
We have heard much talk about the fantasy of a dual-access bonanza.
We have been told that Northern Ireland will become the Singapore of the west, that we now have unrivalled access to the UK market and to the EU market—consisting of 500 million people—and that everyone should be overwhelmed by the fantastic opportunity that this provides.
How wrong that has turned out to be, and for one very simple reason, already alluded to by the right hon.
Member for Belfast East.
We have heard the suggestion that inward investment will flow into Northern Ireland because of this dual market access, but it has not done so.
Invest Northern Ireland has had to admit that there has been no upturn—and why is that?
Because any benefit, if there is one, is countermanded by the fettering of the trade from Great Britain.
A manufacturer wishing to set up a business in Northern Ireland in order to have access to the EU market is bound to say to himself—because investors are intelligent people—“Where will I get my raw materials?
Oh, I will get them, as most do, from Great Britain.”
But then he will discover that those raw materials will have to pass through an international customs border, with all the regulation, all the delay and all the inspection, and the shine soon goes off that idea.
Far from being a bonanza, this has turned out to be anything but.
I have already pointed out that the one sector that is flourishing is the service sector.
That does not just happen to be the case; it is able to flourish because it is outside the protocol.