That is why what I regard as the two liberation clauses in my Bill, clauses five and two, exist.
They are the clauses that will free the whole United Kingdom, and Northern Ireland in particular, from this malevolent situation in which a huge portion of our laws are made not by ourselves but by others.
That is very important.
I have spent a lot of time in this debate talking about the constitutional import of all this, and that is very important, because it is that which gives certainty and assurance to any part of this United Kingdom.
However, before I leave that issue, I remind the House that, because of the protocol arrangements, our Supreme  Court had to rule that article VI of our Acts of Union, which guaranteed unfettered trade access between and within all parts of the United Kingdom, stand in suspension.
There cannot be a higher authority than the Supreme Court to demonstrate that a key component of the very Acts of Union that makes this Union is in suspension, and if the cause of suspension is the protocol or the Windsor framework, then no one who believes in that Union should be sanguine or at ease with that.
There are also economic consequences.
Before Brexit, Northern Ireland had an economy that was very integrated with the rest of the United Kingdom.
It had the free, unfettered flow of goods one way and the other, as we had and would still have from Birmingham to London or Edinburgh.
We had exactly that.
The hon.
and learned Member mentioned certainty, and he has just mentioned the impact on the economy of Northern Ireland.
Does he agree that bringing in a Bill such as this, which would see regulations in Northern Ireland change in potentially just three months, would have a massive impact on businesses in Northern Ireland?
It would have a huge impact on the economy of Northern Ireland, and it is not what businesses need right now.
I can tell the hon.
Member that it is exactly what businesses need.
My constituency office is choked, from time to time, with businesses saying, “Why is it that I cannot get the goods I need without all this paperwork and bureaucracy?”
There are many small businesses in my constituency and elsewhere, such as small engineering businesses, which rely for their raw materials not on huge containers coming in, but on parcels of bolts and everyday materials, six, seven, eight or 12 of which come a week.
Come early next year, the Irish sea border is going to extend to a parcels border, and we are going to have a situation in which those businesses that rely on the daily arrival of a parcel of some raw materials from GB will be put through the red lane of this full-blown international customs border.
The hon.
Lady may think that that is good for business.
It is a death knell for businesses.
That is the problem that we have.
The economic consequences are severe.
Even with the Windsor framework, all our raw materials that feed all our manufacturing industry and that come from GB now have to pass through the red lane in a full international customs border.
Think of that—think of the effect on a business.
That is what is stifling, not growing, business.
In consequence, we have had trade diversion—of course we have.
We have veterinary medicines.
In the main, our veterinary medicines come from GB, and always have done, but now we face a cliff edge where, according to EU diktat, they can no longer come because we are subject to the veterinary requirements of the EU, not the United Kingdom.
Medicines that we have used safely and with no problems for decades are suddenly to be stopped.
The Government say that they will get a deal—well, let us see it.