It is nothing to envy.
I thank the hon.
and learned Member for introducing the Bill.
At Prime Minister’s questions, I asked the Prime Minister about the general product safety regulation that will come into effect next Friday, which will force suppliers in constituencies across England, Scotland and Wales to increase bureaucracy and costs if they still want to supply Northern Ireland consumers and producers.
Does he agree that it is absurd that we are putting additional costs on our internal UK market to facilitate the requirements of the European Union?
I agree absolutely.
We already see the consequences. [
Interruption.]
Again, this seems to be a matter of humour to some on the Government Benches.
Increasingly, we see that GB suppliers simply stop supplying, because they will not put themselves through the rigours of the customs code, documentary declarations and everything else.
It is very difficult for anyone trying to do business in Northern Ireland.
In the main, small and medium-sized businesses do not have the resources to employ the extra 10 staff that a big business might to meet the requirements of crossing the Irish sea border.
Small suppliers do not have the necessary resources, so they simply stop supplying Northern Ireland.
That feeds the continuing diversion of trade.
A report came out two days ago suggesting that Northern Ireland’s economy was going to be stronger than that of the rest of the UK.
Does that not have something to do with the Windsor framework, which is allowing businesses to invest in Northern Ireland?
Surely that is a good thing.
The hon.
Member might be interested to know that the growth area of the Northern Ireland economy is the services sector, which is the one sector not included by the protocol—it is outside all that.
The one sector that is outside the protocol is increasing.
There is a clear message in that.
I had not intended to intervene on the hon.
and learned Gentleman, but on that point, Invest Northern Ireland, the body charged with encouraging foreign direct investment into Northern Ireland and with growing our economy, cannot point to one example of business investing in Northern Ireland as a direct result of the Windsor framework.
Absolutely.
I will return to that.
Will the hon.
and learned Gentleman give way?
I will make some progress.
I will be as generous as I can with interventions, because I know that Government Members want to talk this Bill out—and, because they are not shame-faced enough, some of them want to vote against the principles of the Bill, but there we go.
The right hon.
Member for Belfast East (Gavin Robinson)  makes an important point.
The reason why that point has traction is found in EU regulation 625 from 2017.
It determines that Northern Ireland is, according to our courts, for these purposes, EU territory.
We have had several legal cases in Northern Ireland, such as the Rooney case.
The judgment in that case established that the EU official controls on food and feed law, animal health, plant health and so on have to be in place because our High Court has ruled that under that applicable EU law, for regulatory and customs purposes, the entry point to the EU is the Northern Ireland ports.
Could it be any more Union-dismantling than that?
Under EU law, to which we are subject, the entry point to the EU is the ports of Northern Ireland.
Mr Justice Colton said that EU regulations must be interpreted according to EU law as a result of article 4.1 of the withdrawal agreement and article 13.2 of the protocol, which, he goes on to say, have domestic effect in the United Kingdom under section 7A the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.
He said that under the withdrawal agreement it is at Northern Ireland ports that EU territory is entered.