In the eight elections since Brexit, the people of Northern Ireland have rejected Brexit.
However, he says that the protections require cross-community consent.
It is a case of consent for thee, but not for me.
Will he confirm that the inclusion of this provision means that he now supports the Good Friday agreement, 26 years after repudiating the will of 71% of the people?
Brexit was a national vote, decided for better or for worse on a national basis.
The people of London did not vote for Brexit, but no one is saying they should now be ruled by laws from Brussels.
The People of Northern Ireland by a small majority did not vote for Brexit, but Members are saying that we should be ruled by laws from Brussels.
That does not stack up.
I am simply calling in aid what the Belfast agreement says: the Belfast agreement says key decisions are cross-community.
Is anyone denying this is a key decision?
If so, why is it not a cross-community vote?
I thank the hon.
and learned Gentleman for introducing this Bill, and I acknowledge his recognition of the strengths of those protections in the Belfast agreement, which were built in by my party and especially by Lord Trimble, the former leader of the Ulster Unionist party and the crafter and political deliverer of unionism in support of the Belfast agreement at that time.
He said:
“I feel betrayed personally by the Northern Ireland Protocol, and it is also why the unionist population is so incensed at its imposition.
The protocol rips the very heart out of the agreement, which I and they believed safeguarded Northern Ireland as part of the United Kingdom and ensured that democracy not violence, threat of violence or outside interference, would or could ever change that.
Make no mistake about it, the protocol does not safeguard the Good Friday Agreement.
It demolishes its central premise by removing the assurance that democratic consent is needed to make any change to the status of Northern Ireland.
It embodies a number of constitutional changes that relate to Northern Ireland.”
The late Lord Trimble was absolutely right about that.
What is happening on Tuesday is an invitation to the Assembly, courtesy of the Government’s directive, to tear up the key central portion of the Belfast agreement on cross-community consent.
There is another point.
The hon.
and learned Member talks about the Good Friday agreement.
Why does his Bill not guarantee that the institutions of the agreement have powers, and why is he happy to put those with UK Government Ministers, unlike the existing arrangements under the Windsor framework?
My Bill is about seeking to restore democracy to the arrangements.
That is why I want to take back from Brussels control over our laws.
My Bill is a charter for democratic progress.
The present arrangements are the antithesis of democratic operation.
The hon.
and learned Member might not have supported the Good Friday agreement but does he not acknowledge that the agreement recognised the sovereignty of the United Kingdom in Northern Ireland?
It involved a changing of the constitution in the Republic to recognise the sovereignty of the UK in Northern Ireland for the first time.
It also recognised the reality and the existence of a border on the island of Ireland.
What he is doing is reinforcing the principles of the Good Friday agreement, which he himself might have opposed back in the day.
The core operating principle of the devolved institutions of Northern Ireland was that key issues have cross-community consent.
That is what has been ripped out for Tuesday.
I have yet to hear a rational, convincing explanation for that.
Maybe the Minister has one.
Why have we ripped out of the heart of the Belfast agreement the very thing that was supposed to give comfort to both sides—that neither side would get one over on them?
Why have we ripped that out of this agreement?