Issues are bound to arise that either no one thought about or thought would have significance outside of an abstract environment but subsequently became significant, or that were parked so that we could come back to them at a later date.
The reality, as we found throughout the whole post-referendum period—oven-ready this and oven-ready that—is that lots of things that were parked are coming back to bite.
The problem with that, as I said, is the law of unseen and ignored consequences—those things are waiting around the corner, and turn up like an uninvited and unwelcome guest in our house.
Please bear with me, Madam Deputy Speaker, on the potential unintended consequences of coming out of a treaty.
Imagine what would happen if we decided to abrogate the North Atlantic treaty—which, of course, no one would dream of doing.
We know there would certainly be huge consequences to such an action.
I suspect Members understand there would be pretty immediate and most probably predictable consequences to that.
However, it is sometimes the unpredictability of taking actions that comes back to haunt us.
The same could be said for other treaties, which may appear to be of little significance and consequence in the short term, but which might take on a whole new persona down the line.
I am not sure that many people would initially grasp the consequences of, say, breaching the Antarctic treaty, but there would be consequences in due course.
If we abrogate a treaty, or part of a treaty, it is unlikely that we can then somehow revisit it, change domestic law and expect other countries to accept that.
I will finish on this point, because it is important.
There are other treaties that we have to look to—I could go into detail on them, but I will not.
What about— [Interruption.]
Well, if Members insist.
How about the 1963 nuclear test ban treaty?
What would happen if we decided to tweak that a little bit through domestic law?
It would be dangerous.
Precisely—my hon.
Friend on the Front Bench says it would be dangerous, and it would be.
What about the key provisions of the outer space treaty?
What about the agreement establishing the European Bank for Reconstruction and Redevelopment?
On and on it goes.
Is the Belfast agreement not an international treaty subject to international law?
Is it okay to breach that agreement when it comes to its provision of every key decision being taken on a cross-community basis?
I suppose that is okay because it affects only Unionists.
The bottom line, in my view and that of many other people, is that it has not been breached.
I completely accept that the hon.
and learned Gentleman takes a different view, but I do not believe that it has been breached, and there are better legal brains than me who agree.
The Windsor framework was in turn realigned through the “Safeguarding the Union” paper of January 2024, which the hon.
and learned Gentleman referred to, and the Stormont brake mechanism and the provisions contained therein for the Northern Ireland Assembly to approach the UK Government in relation to the application of EU laws.
I read the Windsor framework time and time and time again, as I suspect all Members in this Chamber did.
North-south co-operation between institutions in Northern Ireland was a vital component of the Good Friday agreement, so I thank my hon.
Friend for making his point about treaties, because the Bill, which I have read, in clause 14 makes it possible to disapply protections in the Windsor framework for north-south co-operation.
Would my hon.
Friend reflect on why disapplying the role of north-south co-operation would be consistent with the intent of upholding the Good Friday agreement?
That is a relevant point for him to reflect on.