He later said:
“Today’s agreement scraps 1,700 pages of EU law.” —[
Official Report,  27 February 2023 ; Vol.
728, c. 571.]
That has been referred to in the debate; I will return to that in due course.
He went on to say:
“The EU has also explicitly accepted an important principle in the political declaration.
It is there in black and white that the treaty is subject to the Vienna convention.
This means that, unequivocally, the legal basis for the Windsor framework is in international law.” —[
Official Report,  27 February 2023 ; Vol.
728, c. 574.]
It is important to move on to the current Prime Minister, who was then the Leader of the Opposition.
He said:
“This agreement will allow us to move forward as a country, rather than being locked in endless disputes with our allies.
”—[Official Report,  27 February 2023 ; Vol.
728, c. 577.]
Who would not agree with that statement?
We do not want to continue to be locked in endless battles and arguments with our allies.
It is worthwhile referring to  the hon.
Member for North Dorset (Simon Hoare) , who said at the time:
“My right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister and his ministerial colleagues have strained every sinew these last weeks and months to arrive at today’s position.
They are to be congratulated.
”—[Official Report,  27 February 2023 ; Vol.
728, c. 582.]
That is important from the Conservative Benches.
The current Secretary of State for Northern Ireland said:
“I congratulate the negotiators on this very significant achievement”,
and it was an achievement.
Even  the right hon.
Member for Goole and Pocklington (David Davis)  said:
“I start by unreservedly congratulating my right hon.
Friend on what seems to be a spectacular negotiating success.” —[
Official Report,  27 February 2023 ; Vol.
728, c. 584.]
I am listening to my hon.
Friend’s speech with interest.
Does he agree that his contribution shows that there is space for fulsome debate and important democratic scrutiny of these things that affect our family of nations?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Many of us here today want to discuss this issue because it is crucial to our constituents not just in the short term, but in the longer term.
The former Member for Clwyd West said:
“The Command Paper tells us that the framework, ‘narrows the range of EU rules applicable in Northern Ireland—to less than 3% overall by the EU’s own calculations’”.—[Official Report,  27 February 2023 ; Vol.
728, c. 605.]
The hon.
Member has recited what some might have thought were erudite contributions in support of these arrangements, apparently with the insinuation towards the end that we have considered this whole matter.
Have his friends not spent since July trying to undo the very things that the previous Government did on so many other matters, because they thought that they were wrong?
They were wrong on this, so should they not be trying to undo it?
I do not quite understand the hon.
and learned Member’s point.
Today, we are trying to tease out many of the issues and concerns that he, quite understandably, has raised, to try to understand them and maybe to reflect on them and, in future, give consideration to them through the process.
It is important that we are all here today listening to what he and other Members have to say.
Importantly, this House was charged, along with the Irish Government, to uphold the Good Friday agreement.
In any legislation that comes along, it is right and proper that we ask how to do that, alongside our colleagues across in Ireland.
This legislation touches on so many elements of that agreement, so today’s debate is also about us doing the important job that we pledged to do all those years ago, to improve and maintain peace and stability in Northern Ireland.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.