We will continue to step up support, to lead, and to stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
It is 973 days since Putin launched his full-scale illegal invasion, and Ukraine’s civilians and military alike have been fighting with great courage.
There have been important battlefield developments in recent weeks.
When I last updated the House, Ukrainian forces were one month into their remarkable offensive in Kursk.
Three months on, they continue to hold Russian territory.
Ukraine’s strategic surprise has put Putin under pressure, forcing the diversion of some Russian troops and equipment.
Despite the increase in brutal Russian counter-attacks and aerial bombardments, they have so far failed to dislodge the Ukrainian incursion.
It is not just in Kursk that Ukraine is fighting back.
Ukrainian forces have launched long-range attacks into Russian territory and on military targets that are directly supporting Putin’s illegal invasion.
In September, Ukraine used long-range drones to attack four ammunition storage facilities—strikes that successfully destroyed thousands of tonnes of ammunition—and both the defensive thrust into Kursk and the strategic defensive strikes into Russia have had an impact on the battlefield.
Russia’s advance towards Pokrovsk in the east—Putin’s main line of effort —has been slowed.
Russian losses continue to rise.
Since the start of the conflict, Russia is likely to have suffered 675,000 casualties.
In September, the average casualty rate of Russians on the battlefield in Ukraine each day was 1,271—a record high, two and a half times the rate this time last year.
As for equipment, Russia has now lost 3,400 tanks and 8,500 armoured vehicles, and 26 vessels in the Black sea fleet have been destroyed or damaged.
Despite the incredible resilience of the Ukrainians, they remain under great pressure from Russian forces across multiple fronts.
Russian troops continue to advance and to attack Ukrainian infrastructure, targeting the important port of Odesa and striking energy infrastructure.
As we head into winter, Ukraine’s energy generation capacity has been reduced by up to two thirds of pre-war levels.
Russian industry remains on a war footing.
Russian artillery is outfiring Ukraine by at least three to one, and Russia is recruiting an additional 400,000 troops this year.
Defence will account for 32%—one third—of the total Government budget in Russia next year.
In a concerning new development, it is now highly likely that the transfer of hundreds of combat troops from North Korea to Russia has begun.
For North Korean soldiers to support Russia’s war of aggression on European soil is as shocking as it is desperate.
North Korea already sends significant munitions and arms to Russia, in direct violation of multiple UN resolutions.
The developing military co-operation between Russia and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea has serious security implications for Europe and the Indo-Pacific.
It represents a wider growing alliance of aggression that NATO and the G7 nations must confront.
Despite this dangerous development, Ukraine remains determined to fight on its frontline in the east and in the territory in Kursk, and President Zelensky will continue to seek support for his victory plan.
We want the plan to succeed, and we stand ready to work closely with the Ukrainians and allies to help it to do so.
As we approach 1,000 days of this war, the conflict is at a critical moment, which is why the UK continues to step up its support for Ukraine.
Ukrainians are fighting to regain their sovereign territory and to protect peace, democracy and security for the rest of us in Europe.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I thank the Secretary of State for advance sight of his statement.
I offer my condolences and those of Opposition Members   to the family and friends of Corporal Christopher Gill, who we understand tragically lost his life during a training exercise recently.
We understand that he served his country for 13 years, including in Afghanistan, and more recently volunteered to train Ukrainian soldiers in the UK.