We are committed to helping our touring artists without seeking a return to freedom of movement.
I will work closely with my right hon.
Friend the Minister for the Cabinet Office, as well as with Culture, Media and Sport Ministers and other colleagues, on these issues.
We are committed to seeking allowances for cabotage, carnets, and customs rules for music, performing arts and culture touring, but at this stage it is too early to discuss that in greater detail.
What recent progress he has made on resetting relationships with his EU counterparts.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
My right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister met the President of the European Commission on  2 October , and agreed to strengthen the relationship between the EU and the UK and to hold regular UK-EU summits.
The Foreign Secretary attended the EU Foreign Affairs Council  on  14 October  in Luxembourg, and he and the High Representative agreed to advance discussions towards a new UK-EU security partnership.
I have had many meetings bilaterally, and indeed as part of processes alongside EU colleagues, on issues from Moldova to the western Balkans in recent weeks.
I welcome the Foreign Secretary’s attendance at the EU Foreign Affairs Council.
Will the Minister confirm if this will be part of a more regular, structured engagement with our European colleagues?
I can absolutely confirm that that is the case.
We are committed to resetting our relationship and to delivering outcomes in practice.
As I mentioned, I attended the Moldova partnership platform in Chisinău last month.
It is particularly important that we work alongside our EU partners when it comes to the attacks on Moldova’s democratic future by Putin’s Russia.
We also had important discussions about the western Balkans in Berlin last week.
I was there with the President of the European Commission and Chancellor Scholz, and it is absolutely important that we work together on these critical challenges.
While we hope that it never happens, if a future American President wished to withdraw support from Ukraine, will the Government assure us that that would be a prominent item on the agenda in their conversations with EU leaders?
Obviously, decisions in America are for the American people, but the special relationship endures, regardless of the Administration or who is in the White House, and it is deep and enduring, as the right hon.
Gentleman knows well from his important former roles.
We absolutely need to co-operate with our EU partners on support for Ukraine, and that is why today it is so fantastic to hear the news that we have agreed, as promised, with the G7 and with our European and indeed our American partners, the extraordinary revenue acceleration scheme that will deliver new money to Ukraine now.
What recent assessment he has made of the level of threat to UK democracy posed by the Chinese Communist party.
As a matter of long-standing policy, which the hon.
Gentleman will understand, the Government do not comment on the detail of national security matters, but let me be clear: any attempt by any foreign power to threaten or undermine   the UK’s democracy will not be tolerated.
The National Security Act 2023 brings together vital new measures to protect our national security, which we are committed to as a new Government.
I regularly meet my ministerial colleagues, including the Minister for Security, to discuss those matters.
Thousands of Hongkongers have made my local community their home under the British national overseas visa scheme, but too many of them still face the threat of surveillance, harassment, and intimidation by the Chinese state.
Will the Government confirm that they have raised the issue of transnational repression in conversations with the Chinese Government, and made clear that it is a totally unacceptable interference in British democracy?