The UK was the first G7 country to call for an immediate ceasefire between Lebanese Hezbollah and Israel, when we did so on  19 September .
A political solution consistent with resolution 1701 is the only way to restore security and stability for the people living on both sides of the blue line.
We continue to press for that with vigour and urgency with our international counterparts.
The Foreign Secretary did so last week, and so did I. We will continue to do so this week and every day.
We are appalled by the increase in violence after Israel’s ground invasion of Lebanon.
As somebody who used to work in Beirut when the country welcomed a million Syrian refugees, it is upsetting to see people on the move again after so much violence.
I thank the Foreign Secretary for his diplomatic efforts so far.
Does the Minister agree that there is no military solution to the conflict in Lebanon?
Will he outline again in more detail what diplomatic efforts he is making to ensure that we have a ceasefire so that Lebanese and Israeli civilians can return to their homes?
We agree very much.
Only a political solution will enable Lebanese civilians to return to their homes and Israeli civilians to return to the north of Israel.
Clearly Hezbollah has been conducting terrible attacks on northern Israel for a long time—from  8 October , which was a terrible day to choose to start.
We are working with all our allies on a plan based around resolution 1701.
We talk regularly with all the key players in the region and in particular with Amos Hochstein, the US envoy working on a proposal to achieve the effect of 1701.
We will continue to do so.
The reported attacks on United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon bases by the Israel Defence Forces show disregard for resolution 1701 and the existing diplomatic framework for peace.
Last week’s joint statement by Foreign Ministers and our allies condemning all the threats to UNIFIL’s security was welcome, so can the   Foreign Minister tell the House what discussions he has had with Israeli political leaders to supplement that action?
Were they productive?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her important question.
We are absolutely clear that attacks by the IDF on UNIFIL bases must stop, and they must stop immediately.
We have called on Israel to that effect.
We have called on all parties to uphold their obligations in ensuring the safety and security of UNIFIL personnel.
I am sure that many in this House will be looking each day at the reports from UNIFIL on the situation there.
As I have said in answer to previous questions, only a political solution consistent with UN Security Council resolution 1701 can restore stability and security.
We continue to raise these matters with the Israelis at every level, and I will continue to do so this week.
UNIFIL and UN Security Council resolution 1701 plainly have not prevented the construction of tunnels and forward attack positions by Iranian proxies south of the Litani river.
What discussions will the Foreign Secretary be having with the United Nations to ensure that something is put in place to replace 1701, to strengthen the role of UNIFIL and prevent aggressive action by Hezbollah and its fellow travellers?
The first thing we have to do is get Hezbollah back north of the Litani river, consistent with 1701.
We should not move away from 1701 until we have made progress under it.
I recognise the force of what the right hon.
Gentleman says about the concerns about Hezbollah’s presence close to the Israeli border, in breach of UN Security Council resolutions.
I condemn the attacks, including the missile strikes that have been happening since  8 October , and all the other violence that Lebanese Hezbollah has been responsible for.