Friend that I am not in a position to give the House any more details about that.
Suffice it to say, we are watching and monitoring this extremely closely.
We and the House have detected a growing co-operation between North Korea and Russia, and between Iran and Russia, at least over the past 12 months.
It is a sign not of strength but weakness on Putin’s part, but it introduces a dangerous new development, both for Ukraine and for wider European security.
I welcome the Defence Secretary’s recognition of President Zelensky’s victory plan and his support for that, but he will know that part of that plan is the use of long-range missiles.
I get his point about long-range UK drones being used only for military targets in Russia, and within the norms of international rules of law, but I detect, perhaps, from his answers to two questions on long-range missiles that he is edging towards a position where he might publicly declare that Ukraine can have the freedom to hit military targets in Russia using long-range missiles.
That will change the war and have an impact.
We have stepped up the support we provide to Ukraine, but there has been no change in the basis on which we provide that support to Ukraine.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his statement and his clear personal commitment.
It is very expensive for Putin to fight this war, but he is getting a lot of money from the sale of oil.
There are real concerns that British firms, or firms with British connections, are facilitating and enabling the illegal oil trade.
What more can be done, in co-operation with the Foreign Secretary, to ensure that sanctions are more effective against the Russian oil trade?
My hon.
Friend is right.
It is not just that we can confirm today that we are making the additional loan money available to the Ukrainians; it is also important to remember that the sanctions themselves are responsible for freezing at least $400 billion that Russia would otherwise be able to use to feed its war machine.
The UK Government and others have taken steps on the shadow fleet—the shipping in the grey zone, trying to avoid sanctions—but wherever we have the evidence required to act and sanction, we will do that and we will continue to do that.
Not only is a full battalion of North Korean soldiers set to be deployed to assist Russia in Ukraine, but Putin is benefiting from components and weapons provided by the Iranians and the Chinese.
This all represents an unprecedented conflation of threats to global security.
I echo the question asked by hon.
Friend the shadow Defence Secretary: the commitment to invest 2.5% of GDP is right, but when will that be backed up with action?
The right hon.
Lady is right.
We totally condemn North Korea’s involvement and support for Russia, from arms transfer to any further developments.
As I said in my statement, that is in breach of multiple UN resolutions and we continue to watch the situation.
Will the Secretary of State join me in paying tribute to the UK armed forces who are providing vital support to our Ukrainian allies, and to the Ukrainian armed forces who are fighting valiantly against Putin’s unlawful invasion of Ukraine?
I will indeed.
I have had the privilege of visiting Interflex training courses four times now, I think.
I visited the second ever course at Salisbury plain.
It is deeply moving to see the level of commitment of British forces to the task of training the Ukrainians, and to spend time with those Ukrainian recruits.
They are lorry drivers, bank clerks, PR executives of all ages, who have volunteered to fight for their country and their freedom.
They are trained by British forces, now with those from other countries alongside them, who are equipping them to be able to fight for their country.