Friends that we will take the necessary steps in the UK to prevent the IRGC from taking action on these streets, but as she knows well, we do not comment on whether an organisation is under consideration for proscription in the normal way.
What steps he is taking with his international counterparts to help tackle the drivers of illegal migration into the UK.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising the issue of illegal migration.
This Government are strengthening key international relationships to tackle organised immigration crime, increase returns and secure our borders.
My Department is also funding activity to address the drivers of irregular migration by improving the prospects of people in their home region, tackling humanitarian crises and targeting trafficking.
Will the Minister please outline the ways in which the new Government are working with our French partners to tackle the shared challenges of dangerous channel crossings?
The UK Government have been absolutely determined to work with our key partners on these questions.
My Department has also focused on ensuring support for what is often called upstream migration—the drivers of the reasons why people feel they have to leave their home country or region in the first place.
That has included, for example, support to help refugees in Jordan to stay in the region from which they come and support for the UN’s migration multi-partner trust fund.
I thank the Minister for that response.
Legal immigration is very important, and people should have that opportunity if they have been persecuted or there are human rights issues, but   economic migrants have to be stopped in their countries.
France also has a very clear part to play, and we sometimes feel that it has not done so as strongly as it should have done.
Has the Minister had an opportunity to speak to her French counterpart to ensure that France plays its part in stopping the economic migrants coming across the channel?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for his important question.
This new Government have been determined to strengthen our relationships with all of our partners, including France, on these questions.
My right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary has viewed this as a priority from day one, and she has been determined to ensure that we have both the right legal framework and the right logistical measures.
As I have said, we of course need to tackle the reasons why people cannot have a livelihood in their own countries, and we are doing a huge amount in the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office to ensure we deliver on that.
What support his Department provides to UK artists touring in the EU.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question.
Culture, Media and Sport Ministers are responsible for Government policy on touring artists, with support from colleagues across Government.
The Government provide support for artists via the music export growth scheme, funded by the Department for Business and Trade and the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, and the international showcase fund, funded by the DBT.
We are engaging with the EU and member states to explore how best to improve arrangements for touring in Europe without a return to free movement.
Young emerging artists, the very future of our multibillion-pound music industry, are the worst impacted by the bureaucracy we now have.
Will the Minister reconsider negotiating a European-wide exemption from visas, work permits and travelling restrictions to set UK artists free from frustrating red tape?
The hon.
Lady raises very important issues, and we recognise the challenges faced by the sector that she sets out.
We are committed to helping our touring artists without seeking a return to freedom of movement.
I will work closely with my right hon.
Friend the Minister for the Cabinet Office, as well as with Culture, Media and Sport Ministers and other colleagues, on these issues.