Will the Minister update the House on the grim situation in Sudan?
In particular, what pressure is being put on   regional actors to stop fuelling the crisis, and what is the UK doing to help the 16 million children who, according to an estimate from Save the Children, face severe food shortages right now?
The humanitarian crisis in Sudan is the worst in the world.
Millions of people face food insecurity, and disturbingly, it has now been verified that there is famine in the Zamzam refugee camp.
We in the UK will continue to do all that we can, for instance in our role as a penholder.
We will work with partners to raise the profile of this situation and make it clear to the warring parties that they must allow access to aid.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I will make a statement on Ukraine.
I apologise for the delay in getting you and Opposition Front Benchers a copy of my statement; the responsibility is entirely mine.
I have just returned from three days of intense defence diplomacy—first, at the NATO Defence Ministers meeting in Brussels, where we welcomed President Zelensky, and then at the G7 Defence Ministers meeting in Naples, where we had important updates from the battlefield, agreed that this is a critical point in the conflict, and stressed the need to step up and speed up support for Ukraine.
The G7 joint declaration strongly condemned Putin’s illegal invasion and reinforced our unwavering support for Ukraine.
It also rightly stated that
“Russia’s aggression against Ukraine is posing a threat to international security, the purposes and principles of the UN Charter, and the rules-based international order.”
That is what is at stake for us all.
If President Putin prevails in Ukraine, he will not stop there.
If big nations redraw international boundaries by force, the sovereignty and security of all nations is undermined.
That is why the UK’s military, economic, industrial and diplomatic support, alongside that of our allies, is so important.
I have returned to the UK knowing that NATO and the G7 are united for Ukraine, just as the UK is united for Ukraine.
Our job now is to turn the talks into action, which is exactly what the Government are doing.
Today, the Chancellor and I are announcing that the UK will provide an additional £2.26 billion to Ukraine.
This is new money, which will be delivered under the extraordinary revenue acceleration loans to Ukraine scheme.
It is part of the $50 billion loan package from G7 countries to support Ukraine’s military, budget and reconstruction needs—loans that will be repaid using the profits generated from immobilised Russian sovereign assets.
Profits on frozen Russian money will support Ukraine’s fight against Putin, turning the proceeds of Putin’s corrupt regime against it and putting them in the hands of Ukrainians.
I want to be clear: today’s new money is in addition to the £3 billion a year of military support that this Government have committed to Ukraine each year for as long as it takes.
The money is in addition to that in the £3.5 billion defence industrial support treaty that I signed with Defence Minister Umerov in July; that is money that Ukraine will use to procure military equipment from British companies, boosting British jobs and British industry.
Today’s new money is also in addition to the extra artillery, air defences, ammunition and missiles that we have announced and delivered in the first four months of this new Government.
Ukraine is a first-order priority for me as Defence Secretary, and for this Government.
We will continue to step up support, to lead, and to stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
It is 973 days since Putin launched his full-scale illegal invasion, and Ukraine’s civilians and military alike have been fighting with great courage.
There have been important battlefield developments in recent weeks.