The agreement is subject to the finalisation of a treaty that the Government intend to complete in the coming months.
Parliament will have the opportunity to scrutinise the treaty in the usual manner, following its signature.
Since the mistaken opening of negotiations by the last Government on the sovereignty of the Chagos islands, it turns out that the British high commissioner and others appear to have been bugged by the Government of Mauritius.
If the police investigation proves that to be true and we can see that Mauritius—their Government at least—are bad actors, is the 99-year lease on Diego Garcia even worth the paper that it is written on?
We note the reports with significant concern, but the hon.
Gentleman will understand that I am not going to comment on an ongoing police investigation.
As I pointed out yesterday, the reports relate to historical conversations, not during the current round of negotiations.
We are confident that we have achieved a treaty that meets our national security objectives, closes off a migration route and fundamentally respects the interests of the Chagossian people.
How can the Minister continue to defend the ceding of the Chagos islands to Mauritius when China is rapidly expanding its influence in the Indo-Pacific?
With no binding agreement against Chinese military involvement in the future, have the Government recklessly compromised British and allied security just to appease vested interests?
I completely reject what the hon.
Gentleman suggests about Mauritius somehow being in hock to China or the agreement somehow opening up a place for China.
Let me be clear: Mauritius is one of only two African countries that have not signed up to the belt and road initiative.
There is absolutely no way that we, or the United States, would have signed off a treaty across the national security apparatus that compromised any of our security interests or those of our allies.
The unequivocal support from the United States—the President, the Secretary of State, the Defence Secretary and across the establishment—makes it clear that this is the right deal for our security and that of our allies.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help bring humanitarian relief to civilians in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
October is likely to see the least aid enter Gaza since the start of the conflict.
That is unacceptable.
As the Foreign Secretary stated on  16 October , the UK is pressing Israel, alongside our partners, to allow the aid into Gaza that is so clearly needed in this desperate situation, and to enable the UN and its humanitarian partners to operate effectively.
I recently met representatives from the West London Islamic Centre in my constituency of Ealing Southall, who told me that they are deeply concerned about the plight of severely injured children in Gaza who need urgent medical help.
Will the Minister outline what work she is doing to ensure that those children have access to the very best medical attention?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue and to her constituents and the very many people across the UK who are determined to do what they can.
We have seen that with the UK public’s response to the Disasters Emergency Committee appeal, matched by the Government up to £10 million.
She asked specifically about young children who have been caught up and injured.
The extent of disease and injury is significant and deeply concerning.
We have provided significant support, including through UK-Med for its field hospital in Gaza.