I regularly meet my ministerial colleagues, including the Minister for Security, to discuss those matters.
Thousands of Hongkongers have made my local community their home under the British national overseas visa scheme, but too many of them still face the threat of surveillance, harassment, and intimidation by the Chinese state.
Will the Government confirm that they have raised the issue of transnational repression in conversations with the Chinese Government, and made clear that it is a totally unacceptable interference in British democracy?
The Government will take a consistent long-term and strategic approach to our relations with China, rooted in the UK and global interests, and the Government are deeply committed to supporting all members of the Hong Kong community who have relocated to the UK.
I reiterate that any attempts by foreign Governments to coerce, intimidate or harm their critics overseas are unacceptable, and regardless of nationality, freedom of speech and other fundamental rights of all people in the UK are protected under our domestic law.
My constituency is also home to a new and growing population of Hongkongers who, although they are now in a free country, live in fear of the repression that  the hon.
Member for Carshalton and Wallington (Bobby Dean)  described.
That is not least because of the reported presence until recently of a secret police station in Glasgow, run by the Chinese Communist party.
Will the Minister join me in sending a clear signal to the Chinese state: “hands off Hong Kong Scots”?
I have made clear our support to the Hong Kong community in the UK, and we have made clear to Chinese authorities that the existence of undeclared sites in the UK is unacceptable, and their operation must cease.
We have been told that they have now closed.
The Foreign Secretary was in China on 18 and  19 October , where he met his counterpart Foreign Minister Wang Yi and other senior Chinese figures,  and he raised human rights, including issues related to Hong Kong.
I call shadow Minister Alicia Kearns.
Freedom of speech is fundamental to democracy, yet Jimmy Lai’s sham trial is due to resume on  20 November .
The Foreign Secretary has so far failed to meet Jimmy’s family, as well as that of Jagtar Singh Johal, whom he promised he would meet within weeks at the last Foreign Office oral questions.
Five weeks ago, I wrote to Ministers about Ryan Cornelius and Alaa Abd el-Fattah, who should both be free by now, but I have received no response from the Department.
When will the Government bring forward their promised special envoy for arbitrary detention, come back to shadow Foreign Ministers, and get our people home?
We call on the Hong Kong authorities to end their politically motivated prosecution and immediately release British national Jimmy Lai.
His case remains a high priority for His Majesty’s Government, and UK diplomats attend his court hearing in Hong Kong.
The Foreign Secretary recently raised the case with Wang Yi during his visit to Beijing on  18 October .
On  24 July  the Foreign Secretary raised the case of Jagtar Singh Johal with the Indian External Affairs Minister, and I am happy to write to the hon.
Lady further about those matters.
She can be assured that we take these cases incredibly seriously.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help secure a ceasefire in Lebanon.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help secure a ceasefire in Lebanon.
The UK was the first G7 country to call for an immediate ceasefire between Lebanese Hezbollah and Israel, when we did so on  19 September .
A political solution consistent with resolution 1701 is the only way to restore security and stability for the people living on both sides of the blue line.
We continue to press for that with vigour and urgency with our international counterparts.