This week I will attend the Lebanon conference in Paris, where these matters will be discussed.
Further to the question from across the way on climate change, what steps is the Minister taking to support climate change development internationally?
My hon.
Friend raises an incredibly important point.
It is critical that the UK can speak with credibility on these issues—and now, under the new UK Government, we can, given the creation of GB Energy and the other measures that we have taken.
We are ensuring that climate leadership is always to the fore, including in the conferences of the parties.
Of course, the COP nature summit in Colombia is fast approaching.
Winter is now approaching the northern hemisphere, and many civilians in Palestine and Lebanon are without homes, water and electricity.
What are the Government doing to support winterisation efforts in the region?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an incredibly important question.
Many displaced people have very few of the clothes and belongings that they desperately need, particularly given that the threat of winter and much worse weather is coming speedily down the track.
The Government have been discussing the issue with many of our partners.
What update can the Minister give us on UK support for the International Fund for Israeli-Palestinian Peace?
Will the Government  convene a summit of international partners to ensure that civil society is at the heart of peace building in the coming years in the region?
I refer my hon.
Friend to my previous answer.
I will also write to him with further details of what we will do.
We are experiencing a global hunger crisis, exacerbated by ongoing conflicts and climate change.
That makes the forthcoming Paris Nutrition for Growth conference even more important.
What preparations are the Government making for an effective contribution to the summit?
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to raise that point.
We are preparing at pace for that Paris conference, which is incredibly important.
We need to do all we can to secure access to the food required, and it must be nutritious, healthy food.
In addition, the UK is preparing to sign up to the Global Alliance Against Hunger and Poverty—something  that I committed the UK to doing in Brazil just a few weeks ago.
I have lived and worked in the western Balkans, where Governments continue to increase efforts to tackle human trafficking, exploitation and coercion.
What steps are proactively being taken with Albania and other western Balkan  and mediterranean countries to tackle human trafficking at source?
The Government are committed to working more closely with partners across Europe, including Albania and partners across the western Balkans, to tackle people trafficking and the gangs profiting from it.
That has been a regular part of my bilateral discussions.
In July, we announced steps to reinforce our co-operation with Europol and committed £4 million towards the Rome process—an Italian Government project to tackle the root causes of irregular migration.
What discussions have Ministers had with their Israeli counterparts about the application of distinction and proportionality in international humanitarian law?
The Foreign Secretary has set out our views on the Israeli application of international humanitarian law at greatest length in relation to the decision to suspend arms licences.
We keep those issues under regular review and will update the House if there is a change in our assessment.
As we have heard again today in the Chamber, war crimes in Gaza continue, making it clear that the time for empty promises and hollow words is over.
Does the Minister agree that the international community must finally fulfil its responsibility and take real action, starting with immediate sanctions on the hard-right extreme Ministers in the Netanyahu Government?
I hope Members recognise that the words that we have been speaking at this Dispatch Box have not been hollow.
Since coming into government, we have restored funding to UNRWA.