If so, what action is being taken to demonstrate the UK’s strongest objection?
The UK Government are extremely concerned by the situation in northern Gaza.
This morning I was discussing it with humanitarians, as I have been doing just about every day.
We really see a  deterioration in people’s circumstances there in terms of health and access to aid.
As I said at the beginning of the question, the fact that this month will likely see the lowest amount of aid since the start of the conflict is unacceptable.
We are deeply concerned that we have now seen many people who have been displaced not just once, twice or three times, but up to nine times.
We will continue to argue for the need for humanitarian access to Gaza.
Further to the answer the Minister gave a few moments ago, UNRWA supplies were found in the Hamas leader Yahya Sinwar’s underground hideout.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman)  said, Hamas terrorists are struggling to find warehouse space to store all the misappropriated aid.
When will the Government review their commitment to funding UNRWA and actually take action to stop the misappropriation of that aid?
I refer the hon.
Member to my previous response on that.
The UK Government take any such allegations very seriously.
We have ensured that those are taken up with UNRWA, and with the Colonna report we saw a thorough investigation into the allegations, some of which were proven.
UNRWA has been taking action in order to deal with them.
It is really important that neutrality is held to, and we as the UK have played our part by ensuring that UNRWA has the funding required to implement those recommendations.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
Following the removal of the international terrorist Yahya Sinwar and the possibility of an amnesty for those who now release the 97 remaining hostages, what pressure are the Government bringing to bear on Hamas to urge them to lay down their arms and release the hostages, both of which are necessary for full, unfettered access for humanitarian relief in Gaza?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Member for raising this incredibly important issue.
The suffering, especially of the family and friends of the hostages, is indescribable.
The Foreign Secretary and the Prime Minister have met with them, particularly those who have UK links, and have repeatedly ensured that the release of hostages must be prioritised.
They have articulated that message time and time again, and will continue to do so until the hostages are able to return home, as they must be able to do.
Co-existence is inescapable, and a two-state solution is one day inevitable, as both Israelis and Palestinians are here to stay.
Just as the first intifada ushered in the historic breakthrough at Oslo, so too Britain—with its deep regional connections, UN responsibilities and brilliant diplomatic service—has a key role in lifting people’s eyes to a very different future.
What discussions are the Government having on this issue, building on the significant efforts started under the last Government?
We do not always agree across the Dispatch Box, but I strongly agree with the right hon.
Member’s characterisation of the need for a two-state   solution.
Ultimately, that is the only way of delivering the peace and security that the people of Israel and Palestine deserve.
Making sure that we play our part in exercising leadership towards that two-state solution is a long-term commitment of this Government, but of course—as he would expect—we need to show what that can deliver.
A huge amount of work is ongoing around reconstruction, and I have discussed that issue in detail with the World Bank, for example.
It has been conducting a survey of the needs that will have to be met, making sure that work is fully co-ordinated so that we can achieve that secure future for those who are in Gaza at the moment.