It is deeply moving to see the level of commitment of British forces to the task of training the Ukrainians, and to spend time with those Ukrainian recruits.
They are lorry drivers, bank clerks, PR executives of all ages, who have volunteered to fight for their country and their freedom.
They are trained by British forces, now with those from other countries alongside them, who are equipping them to be able to fight for their country.
Knowing that they will soon return to the frontline in their own nation is deeply sobering.
I very much welcome this £2.26 billion, but has the Defence Secretary had the opportunity to study the National Audit Office report published last month into the impact of our operations in Ukraine, particularly Operation Interflex, on the availability of the defence estate for the training of units of the British Army?
While that is acceptable in the short term, in the long term it probably is not.
What impact assessment has he carried out, and what proposals does he have to make available the defence estate we need to train British soldiers?
Nothing will shake our commitment to continuing the Interflex training programme.
We are determined and we will continue that throughout 2025.
Many of the partner countries that have been alongside us this year have already committed to doing that again  next year.
The right hon.
Member asked me about Interflex, the defence estate and the training of Ukrainian soldiers.
That will continue.
On the National Audit Office report, I have indeed read that report.
It is a welcome change from the normal run of National Audit Office reports into the Ministry of Defence that we have been used to in recent years.
It praises a good deal of what has been done by the Ministry of Defence in support of Ukraine, and it is very welcome.
I thank the Secretary of State for his very welcome statement.
He mentioned the importance of the Ukrainian forces’ efforts in the Black sea against the Russian Black Sea Fleet and how important that is to the Ukrainian economy.
Could he go a little further and describe how this funding for Ukraine will help to ensure that security and perhaps go even further in the Black Sea?
The principle behind this funding is that we put it in the hands of the Ukrainians.
The Ukrainians are in the best position—and must be in the position—to decide how best to use it.
We have said that they can use it entirely on military support if they choose to do so; the support that they choose to procure with it will be a matter for them, in discussion with us.
Is the Defence Secretary able to share with us any conversations that the Foreign Secretary had while in China about China’s engagement in this situation, and particularly its willingness to bring to bear the influence that it undoubtedly has on both Russia and North Korea?
Happily, I can indeed.
The Foreign Secretary was in China on 18 and  19 October .
He met his counterpart, the Foreign Minister, and talked about the areas on which our countries may disagree, including on Russia’s illegal invasion of Ukraine.
He also raised the UK’s concerns over China’s supply of equipment to Russia and to Russia’s military industrial complex.
I, too, very much welcome today’s statement from my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State.
It provides evidence not just of warm words, but of real practical support for our ally in its desperate hour of need.
But this country cannot do this on its own.
Can he update the House on any discussions that he or his ministerial colleagues have had with our friends in the rest of the G7 on combating Putin through economic measures?
I can indeed do so.