I recognise the force of what the right hon.
Gentleman says about the concerns about Hezbollah’s presence close to the Israeli border, in breach of UN Security Council resolutions.
I condemn the attacks, including the missile strikes that have been happening since  8 October , and all the other violence that Lebanese Hezbollah has been responsible for.
It is proscribed under UK law and we hold no truck with it, but the way to get Hezbollah away from the border  is 1701, and that is what we have to stick to.
Finn Pugh, who is eight years old and is one of my constituents, wrote to me.
He said:
“Lebanon is a wonderful place.
It does not deserve this.
I would like the Government to protect the people of Lebanon and give them supplies like food and water.”
What reassurances can the Minister give Finn?
I thank Finn for the question.
Over the course of the past few weeks, we have announced £15 million of aid for the people affected by the strikes in Lebanon and those who are now crossing towards Syria, which is a concerning development in the conflict.
Finn is right to have the people of Lebanon in his mind, and we are doing all we can to try to ensure that the humanitarian system in Lebanon can support the people Finn is concerned about.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The new Government’s call for an immediate ceasefire in Lebanon and in Gaza is, of course, greatly   welcomed.
However, today we hear that one of UNIFIL’s watchtowers was bombed by the Israel Defence Forces.
First, was that one of the watchtowers that we have provided?
Secondly, what conversations has the Minister had with his colleagues about beefing up our support to UNIFIL and taking our troop numbers up from one?
I will have to write to my right hon.
Friend about the specific watchtower and whether we have provided any aid.
Underlying her point, I think, is a question about what we do when our statements about UNIFIL are not abided by.
Let me be clear with the House: the current situation is unsustainable, and we continue to raise the matter through all diplomatic measures and will do so until there is progress.
I can perhaps write to my right hon.
Friend about our future plans regarding peacekeepers in Lebanon.
There is only one route to sustained peace in Lebanon, and that is for the UN and the Lebanese state to stop Hezbollah carrying out its operations.
That’s right, isn’t it?
We agree that Lebanese Hezbollah should not be conducting the actions that it has been conducting.
As I said in response to the previous question, this situation needs to be resolved in accordance with the UN Security Council resolutions.
If the right hon.
Gentleman is asking me whether we think what Lebanese Hezbollah is doing across the blue line is correct or justifiable, my answer is that it is not.
We call on it, as we have always called on it, to stop.
We have proscribed the organisation domestically and have absolutely no truck with it whatsoever.
Iran’s malign influence in Lebanon must stop, and we are taking actions to try to effect that.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Over the last four months, we have been reconnecting Britain for our security and prosperity.
Last week I set out my vision for modernising international development, and as I speak the Foreign Secretary is in Samoa, meeting Heads of Government from the Commonwealth, and he has engaged with countries from every continent.
The BBC World Service is vital UK soft power.
The Foreign Office’s contribution to its funding is about £100 million per year—about the cost of an F-35 fighter jet.
The UK has plans to acquire 74 of these fighter jets.