Following the  2 September  suspension, there are currently no extant UK export licences—I repeat, no extant export licences—for items to Israel that we assess might be used to commit or facilitate a serious violation of international humanitarian law.
There is only one exception, which is for F-35 components, and the Foreign Secretary has explained that to the House.
My hon.
Friend is right to say that most licences for exports to Israel are not for the IDF, and I am pleased to be able to put that on the record for the House.
The footage of children caught up in the fighting in Gaza is horrendous, and so is the footage of those who are still held hostage.
First, what is the Minister doing to ensure the protection of aid workers in Gaza and Lebanon and, secondly, given that she has just told us that our efforts to get more aid in are not working, what are her next ideas?
Where will we go from here, because clearly it is not working?
We have indeed seen some extremely disturbing scenes.
Of course, it is important that we ensure that there is verified information in the fog of such a horrendous war.
We have all seen those scenes and been disturbed by them.
The UK Government are determined to do all that we can to ensure that aid is accessed by those who need it.
We are using every opportunity to do so, which involves working with UN agencies in detail.
I have had many meetings with them.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we have resumed support for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency.
We have been in close contact with it, the World Food Programme and all others working on this, and we have also been working bilaterally with all our partners in the region.
There are a number of different countries working with us to try to ensure that there is access to aid, which is desperately needed.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for all that she has done so far on this issue.
My constituents, including Damon and Annie, are extremely concerned that every day things are only getting worse.
The UN says that all essential supplies for survival are running out.
Given the abject conditions in north Gaza, the fact that humanitarian access is nearly non-existent is unconscionable.
A year on from the start of the conflict, we are still debating restrictions on the flow of aid by Israeli authorities.
What more can my right hon.
Friend do to ensure that people who are dying from hunger, thirst and lack of medical care receive the attention they need?
I can only underline the fact that the new UK Government are doing all that we can to get aid in as quickly as possible, supporting trusted partners on the ground to deliver life-saving humanitarian aid.
As has been mentioned, we have agreed to match up to £10 million of public donations to the Disasters Emergency Committee’s middle east humanitarian appeal.
That will provide life-saving aid, including medical supplies, shelter and clean water, to people in need, on top of the support that we have released to UNRWA.
That aid needs to get to the people who desperately need it, and I refer to my response to an earlier question on that point.
We are using every avenue to advance that cause.
The images coming out of northern Gaza have horrified many, as has the news of yet more indiscriminate bombing, and many people have reached into humanity’s darkest periods for historical comparisons.
I do not know which of those is appropriate, but I do know that on each of those occasions we told ourselves that this time was different, yet it never was.
Does the ministerial team realise that what they do now is what they would have done then?