Defence of the UK and of Europe starts in Ukraine.
Ukraine is fighting for the same values and for the rest of us in Europe.
In sharp contrast to the presence of the United Nations Secretary-General at Putin’s summit in Russia, which sent out all the wrong signals, this statement is hugely welcome, so I thank the Secretary of State.
Further to the question that the Chairman of the Defence Committee asked, is it not now time that not only Storm Shadow but all the matériel supplied to Ukraine by the western alliance should be used by Ukraine in the manner that it sees fit?
We provide Ukraine with the weaponry and support to defend its country, freedom and people.
There is a consistency in that and there is no bar to Ukraine striking Russian military targets, so long as that is consistent with international humanitarian law and part of the proper defence of the country.
I spoke about the long-range drones and the successful attacks they have been making—defensive attacks, but nevertheless on military targets in Russia.
It is for the Ukrainians to determine how best to defend their country, and we will support them in whatever ways we can.
I warmly welcome the £2.26 billion of aid announced today.
It is great news for those fighting for democracy in Europe and a day of low morale in the Kremlin—it is fantastic.
The Ukrainians might well use some of the money to continue to innovate at pace.
Every few weeks they create new cutting-edge and adaptive technologies to use in the fight against Putin.
Will we learn from our friends in Ukraine and ensure that we, as a country, invest in our own small and medium-sized defence enterprises, so that we can have the same output in the future?
While there has been no change in the basis on which we provide military aid to Ukraine, there is a change in the approach we take not just to providing aid but to producing some of the military equipment and ammunition.
Our challenge now is to take the lessons of what we have demonstrated can be done to support Ukraine to equip our own forces better to fight in the future.
I thank the Secretary of State for his statement, its content and for advance sight of it.
The additional funding for Ukraine is very welcome, but it is what matériel they turn the funding into that will have the effect on the battlefield that we wish to see.
With the shell production of European partners still well short of a million units per year, will the Secretary of State indicate how UK shell production has grown, either in numeric or percentage terms?
If he cannot share that with the House, will he give us an assurance that it is increasing?
I can absolutely assure the hon.
Member that it is increasing.
I have already spoken about the production of short-range air defence missiles—the LMMs—which is increasing to meet what the Ukrainians need.
The Ukrainians are clear that air defence systems and long-range drones are the things that matter most to their defence and to their ability to put Russia properly under pressure.
I warmly welcome today’s announcement of an additional £2.2 billion in financial support for Ukraine, generated by frozen Russian assets.
Will my right hon.
Friend say a little more about the concerning development of North Korean soldiers supporting Russia’s war of aggression on European soil, and how that underlines the importance of us using every tool in our box to support Ukraine’s efforts?
I regret to say to my hon.
Friend that I am not in a position to give the House any more details about that.
Suffice it to say, we are watching and monitoring this extremely closely.
We and the House have detected a growing co-operation between North Korea and Russia, and between Iran and Russia, at least over the past 12 months.