Does my hon.
Friend agree that Ukraine’s rightful place is with other European democracies in the NATO alliance?
My hon.
Friend will know that the NATO Secretary-General was in London recently alongside President Zelensky, where the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary welcomed them.
Our allies have made it clear that Ukraine’s future is in NATO and, indeed, in Washington they confirmed that Ukraine is on an irreversible path to NATO membership.
We will play  a leading role in supporting Ukraine’s pathway to membership.
Given that answer, does the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office consider that the reported presence of the United Nations Secretary-General at  Putin’s summit in Russia will be helpful or unhelpful  to Ukraine?
If the latter, what is the Minister doing about it?
While I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question, obviously the meetings that the United Nations Secretary-General chooses to attend are a matter for him, not for the Government.
We continue to work with a wide range of allies to support Ukraine across the G7, as we have in relation to today’s announcement, and with our partners in Europe.
Does the Minister share my concern about worrying reports of North Korean troops fighting for Russia in Ukraine?
What message would he give from the Dispatch Box to Pyongyang?
I absolutely share the right hon.
Gentleman’s concerns.
The Foreign Secretary has been clear that we condemn in the strongest terms the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea’s continued unlawful arms transfers, and the reported deployments of its troops to the Russian Federation to support the unlawful war of aggression in Ukraine.
That is not only in violation of multiple United Nations Security Council resolutions, but it will also prolong the suffering of the Ukrainian people and threatens global security, so we condemn it in absolute terms.
I call the shadow Minister.
To move us beyond the condemnation, in the last week, troops from North Korea have arrived in Russia and are training in Russian fatigues, based on videos that we have seen.
In addition, we know that Russia has procured multiple weapons from North Korea to aid the murder of Ukrainians.
Putin has seized the escalation ladder, so will the Minister now declare North Korea a combatant in the renewed illegal invasion of Ukraine, démarche the North Korean chargé and confirm what unilateral and multilateral action we will be taking in response?
I thank the shadow Minister for her points.
We absolutely condemn what North Korea is reported to have been doing.
She will have seen in our response to the Iranian transfer of ballistic missiles to Russia that we acted strongly, swiftly and firmly.
We are closely monitoring what Russia is providing to the DPRK in return for its provision of arms and military personnel.
We are deeply concerned about the potential for further transfers, including of ballistic missile-related technology.
That would obviously jeopardise peace and stability not only in Ukraine, but across the world, and we condemn it absolutely.
What the planned timetable is for implementing the agreement with Mauritius on the sovereignty of the British Indian Ocean Territory.
What assessment he has made of the potential security implications of the agreement with Mauritius on sovereignty of the British Indian Ocean Territory.
The Government inherited a situation where the long-term secure operation of the Diego Garcia military base was under threat.
The agreement that we have reached secures the future of the base and strengthens our role in safeguarding global security.
The agreement is subject to the finalisation of a treaty that the Government intend to complete in the coming months.
Parliament will have the opportunity to scrutinise the treaty in the usual manner, following its signature.
Since the mistaken opening of negotiations by the last Government on the sovereignty of the Chagos islands, it turns out that the British high commissioner and others appear to have been bugged by the Government of Mauritius.