She asked specifically about young children who have been caught up and injured.
The extent of disease and injury is significant and deeply concerning.
We have provided significant support, including through UK-Med for its field hospital in Gaza.
Last week, my hon.
Friend the Minister of State announced £1 million for the Egyptian health Ministry to support medically evacuated Palestinians from Gaza.
Many residents from Swindon North have contacted me expressing their concerns about Gaza.
What steps is the Minister taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this matter.
We see people up and down the country who are very concerned about the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
Clearly, we now have extreme levels of food insecurity.
We are very concerned about the situation in northern Gaza in particular.
The Foreign Secretary, the Prime Minister and all of us in the ministerial team have been very clear to all actors in the region and others that there must be access to the aid that is so desperately needed in all of Gaza.
Since the devastating Hamas attack on Israel more than a year ago, an estimated 42,000 Palestinians have died, including many civilians, and many more families have been repeatedly displaced.
Will the Minister  assure me and my constituents that the Government are using the full diplomatic force at their disposal to secure an immediate ceasefire in Gaza and to allow the free flow of humanitarian aid?
Yes, I can.
A resolution to this conflict has been a priority since day one of the new Government.
We are calling for an immediate ceasefire, the release of all hostages still cruelly detained by Hamas, and much more aid to enter Gaza.
The death and destruction in Gaza is intolerable and we have made that clear at every possible moment.
I declare an interest as a former board member of the Disasters Emergency Committee.
I am delighted to see the British public’s generous response to its appeal.
I know that its member agencies are doing everything in their power to get aid to those who need it, but one of those agencies, Islamic Relief, told me yesterday about the situation in Jabalia where people are being “starved, bombed and shot on sight”.
What conversations has the Minister had with Israeli counterparts to end the indiscriminate attacks on people in Gaza and let in the lifesaving aid that the British public are so generously supporting?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
Again, I express our gratitude to the DEC for its work in ensuring that there has been that emergency appeal for the middle east.
I should have mentioned earlier that that is covering not just Gaza, but Lebanon and the broader middle east where there is also that urgent humanitarian need.
I can reassure her that, on issues of access to aid, the UK Government have been crystal clear on the need for the maintenance of international humanitarian law across the region, which of course includes Israel as well, as the Foreign Secretary underlined at the end of last week.
Will the Minister reassure me that September’s export licence ban with Israel covers items that we reasonably believe could be used to breach international law in Gaza?
Will she further reassure me that the remaining export licences with Israel largely do not cover the Israel Defence Forces or military equipment?
I wish to be very clear as I think there is some confusion on this important point.
Following the  2 September  suspension, there are currently no extant UK export licences—I repeat, no extant export licences—for items to Israel that we assess might be used to commit or facilitate a serious violation of international humanitarian law.
There is only one exception, which is for F-35 components, and the Foreign Secretary has explained that to the House.
My hon.