The delicious irony of the interest on Kremlin kleptocrats’ ill-gotten gains being used to fund the resistance against Russian aggression will not be lost on Members across the House.
I welcome what the Defence Secretary has said in its entirety.
He will know better than any of us the crucial importance of the NATO alliance machinery in assisting Ukrainian resistance.
Given that one recent former American President and one current French President have both made disobliging remarks about the NATO alliance in the fairly recent past, will the Secretary of State reassure us that at least President Macron is now fully on board with the alliance and France’s important contribution to it?
I will indeed.
At no point during the two days of NATO Defence Ministers’ talks was there any indication of the sort of views that the right hon.
Gentleman suggests that some in America may hold, or that President Macron might have previously expressed.
Indeed, in the good bilateral meeting that I had with the French Minister for the Armed Forces, Sébastien Lecornu, it was clear that the French commitment to supporting Ukraine is as strong as the UK’s.
I am glad to say that the determination of the French to work more closely with us on security and defence is equally strong.
I welcome the statement and the announcement of further funding.
To ensure that we sustain the pace with which we are providing aid to Ukraine, and that we energise our own logistical enterprise, what action is my right hon.
Friend taking to boost UK defence industrial production to support the Ukrainian armed forces and defence supply chains throughout the UK?
My hon.
Friend knows this territory as well as anybody else in the House.
He will know that over the 973 days the UK Government have changed fundamentally the way in which we go about procuring what is required.
British industry has responded magnificently to that.
It has been able to respond more quickly, innovate more rapidly and devise what it can produce to meet the needs that Ukraine says it has on the frontline.
The UK Government’s task is to be the middle man to ensure that that can happen at greater volume and speed.
We will continue to do that.
Do the Government think that Ukraine is winning or losing?
I am not sure whether the hon.
Gentleman was listening to my statement, but I made it clear that this is a critical period in the conflict.
Ukraine is under  huge pressure, especially on the eastern front, but it is fighting, conducting a counter-offensive and putting Putin under pressure.
The only conclusion that the 32 nations drew from the discussions in Brussels, confirmed by the G7 nations in Naples, was that now is the moment when Ukraine’s allies must step up our support, put Ukraine in the strongest possible position to withstand the Russian onslaught and put pressure on Putin—a military, economic and diplomatic response.
I welcome the statement, which is good news for Ukraine.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that Ukraine is the frontier of war with the Kremlin, that international support is now more critical than ever and that we must be absolutely clear that defence of the UK begins in Ukraine?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Her very words were spoken by several Defence Ministers in Brussels.
Defence of the UK and of Europe starts in Ukraine.
Ukraine is fighting for the same values and for the rest of us in Europe.
In sharp contrast to the presence of the United Nations Secretary-General at Putin’s summit in Russia, which sent out all the wrong signals, this statement is hugely welcome, so I thank the Secretary of State.