I have to get through the list of questions, and you are not helping me.
You are taking far too long.
I have to get the Back Benchers in—it matters to them and to their constituents.
You have to work with me, and today has been a pretty awful day all round.
I call the Lib Dem spokesperson to give us a good example.
Laila Soueif is in the Gallery with us today.
She is currently on hunger strike in protest against the continued imprisonment of her son, the British-Egyptian citizen Alaa Abd el-Fattah, in Egypt despite the end of his five-year sentence on  29 September .
In 2022, the then shadow Foreign Secretary talked about serious diplomatic consequences for Egypt failing to release Alaa, and of leveraging our trading partnership with Egypt to progress the case.
Does the Minister agree with the now Foreign Secretary on those points, and will the Government take steps—
Order.
Another bad example.
I welcome Laila to the House.
I saw her in Cairo last week, and raised these issues with the Egyptian Foreign Minister.
Alaa’s case is very much in our mind, and we will do everything we can to secure his release as quickly as we can.
In 2020, the US committed £250 million to support peace building and Palestinian economic development.
Will the Minister consider how we can work with our partners in the US, using our world-leading development expertise and our experience in conflict resolution in Northern Ireland, to take a lead in this vital work?
My hon.
Friend asks an important question.
Peace building at a civil society level has an important role to play in trying to resolve this conflict.
I will write to him with details of our plans.
I welcome this Government’s ambition in seeking a new climate finance goal at COP29 in Baku shortly.
Will the Minister assure me that she understands the scale of need?
The UN Environment Programme says that 10 to 18 times more funding is needed for adaptation than is currently on the table.
Will she make sure that it includes loss and damage and is additional to aid?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for a very important question.
The UK Government could not have been clearer that climate and nature must be at the heart of all that we do, including in foreign and development policy.
The Foreign Secretary underlined that at Kew, and I underlined that in the Chatham House speech that I gave last week.
rose—
Order.
Members who are on the list do not need to stand.
It is more confusing.
It is estimated that more than 42 million tonnes of rubble could be contaminated by unexploded bombs and ordnance in Gaza.
It is vital that such a serious threat to human life is dealt with effectively to ensure Gaza’s post-conflict reconstruction.
Will the Minister commit to redoubling our country’s support for the work of organisations such as the HALO Trust?
The amount of unexploded remnants of war throughout Gaza poses a serious threat to life and the provision of humanitarian assistance.
The UK is working proactively with a number of key stakeholders.
We very much recognise the expertise of the HALO Trust, and we will redouble the work done, particularly towards reconstruction.
Hezbollah continues to use Lebanese civilians as human shields.
On Friday, the caretaker Prime Minister in Lebanon accused Iran of blatant interference in Lebanese affairs.
What more will the Minister do to help ensure that both Israeli and Lebanese counterparts can face down the threat from Iran?
I referred to our actions against Iran in the region, and the importance of removing its influence in Lebanon as best we can.
This week I will attend the Lebanon conference in Paris, where these matters will be discussed.
Further to the question from across the way on climate change, what steps is the Minister taking to support climate change development internationally?
My hon.