I hope she will give this House her full support when we introduce the primary legislation that will seek the parliamentary spending authority to provide this financial assistance in pursuance of a bilateral agreement that we will strike with Ukraine over how to do it.
When this Government said that our support for Ukraine was absolute, we meant it.
My right hon.
Friend referred to the recently signed defence export treaty between the UK and Ukraine, which will support Ukraine’s defence industrial base while helping to replenish our own stockpiles.
As far as he is able, will he update the House on the treaty’s progress?
I was proud to sign that treaty, which means that Ukraine can draw down the export credit cover and contract with UK companies.
It is also a framework that, like some other frameworks the UK has put in place, other nations and their companies can use to deal with the difficulties that many face in contracting with Ukraine.
The Ukrainians will use it for contracting and procuring munitions and ammunition.
It will allow us to step up not just the provision but the production of essential military aid to Ukraine.
I welcome the statement, but the BBC reports that the money will be paid not in one go but in tranches over time.
We have the Budget next week.
Will the Secretary of State assure us that, given that the money is what accountants would call an “exceptional item”, it will in no way be included in the overall defence budget next week, or attempt to bolster or bump that up?
There are rumours of cuts, so will the right hon.
Gentleman assure us that the money is a one-off that will be treated completely differently in the Red Book?
I can give the right hon.
Gentleman that assurance.
The money is a one-off.
It is additional and separate, and it will be accounted for and set out separately in the Treasury documentation.
Its significance is that it is a loan to Ukraine that Ukraine will not have to pay back, because it will be serviced by the interest on the frozen Russians assets.
He asks whether the sum will be paid all in one go.
It will be made available soon in the new year, and the Ukrainians will be able to draw it down as they need it for the purposes that they determine.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend’s comments about North Korea and the growing alliance of aggression that needs to be confronted.
I hope that we will have a strong response to that.
I also welcome the extra £2.26 billion.
My right hon.
Friend made the important point—one of many—that the Ukrainians are being outgunned three to one in artillery by the Russians.
Although the additional support is vital, how quickly can we ensure that we get extra munitions, artillery and missiles from the alliance and the G7 to Ukraine?
We can get that into the hands of Ukrainians as soon as it is available for that purpose.
I announced the new contract to produce short-range air defence missiles, the LMMs—lightweight multirole missiles—in the UK.
The initial contract is for 650 and they will be in the hands of Ukrainians from the beginning of next year.
We hope to step that up during the course of 2025.
Where other nations are ready to make available the weaponry that Ukrainians need, the established arrangements for getting it into the hands of Ukrainians are in place.
It is a question not of how, but of how quickly.
The delicious irony of the interest on Kremlin kleptocrats’ ill-gotten gains being used to fund the resistance against Russian aggression will not be lost on Members across the House.
I welcome what the Defence Secretary has said in its entirety.
He will know better than any of us the crucial importance of the NATO alliance machinery in assisting Ukrainian resistance.