Does the Minister agree that the international community must finally fulfil its responsibility and take real action, starting with immediate sanctions on the hard-right extreme Ministers in the Netanyahu Government?
I hope Members recognise that the words that we have been speaking at this Dispatch Box have not been hollow.
Since coming into government, we have restored funding to UNRWA.
We have also taken steps in the International Criminal Court and the International Court of Justice, and in relation to the arms suspension that I referred to a moment ago.
As for the far-right settlers to whom I think my hon.
Friend was referring, we introduced sanctions last Thursday.
My right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister made it clear during Prime Minister’s questions that we continue to review these issues, and we will return to the House.
The outgoing President of the United States has indicated that he has been told where and when the Israeli Government will respond to the Iranian terror threat.
Have our Government been informed?
I think that you, Mr Speaker, and other Members will understand that it is not appropriate to comment on that in the House.
As the Minister will know, the ICJ has ruled that member states such as the UK are obliged to distinguish in their dealings between green-line Israel and occupied territory.
In line with that ruling, as well as obligations under United Nations Security Council resolution 2334, what steps are the Government taking to address the issue of products entering the UK from illegal settlements?
I will write to my hon.
Friend about the complex issue of trade with Israel and how we make that distinction, if that is okay.
I am sure that the Minister is aware of the tragic case of Sara Sharif, which occurred in my constituency, but he may not be aware that when Sara’s family fled from Woking to Pakistan, they took Sara’s two siblings, and when the parents returned to stand trial, those siblings did not return with them.
Will he write to the Pakistani Government informing them that unless they vouch for the siblings’ safety, those children should be returned to the UK?
I can assure the House that the safety and wellbeing of British children overseas, which appears to be relevant in this case, is of the utmost concern to the Government as a whole, and to me as the Minister responsible for consular affairs.
I will write, and will meet the hon.
Member, if that will be useful in helping us to understand the case and what we can best do to support those children.
I call the Chair of the International Development Committee.
Even before the start of the current conflict in Gaza, 98,000 children there had a disability.
Thousands more have now been horrifically injured, and those with long-term conditions have not received any medical support.
While I welcome the Government’s commitment to facilitating medical evacuations, how is that possible when Israel is controlling the Rafah crossing?
My hon.
Friend has detailed knowledge of this issue through her work on the International Development Committee.
We are of course determined to do all that we can for the wellbeing and safety of children in Gaza, in partnership with other countries.
She raises the issue of healthcare; we have been supporting UK-Med and other organisations in that regard, and also in respect of education.
Many children have been out of school for a year, and we are determined to rectify the situation.
Will the Minister update the House on the grim situation in Sudan?
In particular, what pressure is being put on   regional actors to stop fuelling the crisis, and what is the UK doing to help the 16 million children who, according to an estimate from Save the Children, face severe food shortages right now?
The humanitarian crisis in Sudan is the worst in the world.