I hope that there is cross-party consensus—there is certainly consensus across the pensions industry, and among most economists who look at the UK economy—that we need to move to a higher investment level.
The finance for that is one thing; some comes from abroad and some comes in domestically, but it also needs to come from our pension schemes.
Obviously, it is for the public sector to play its part, but we should be careful in distinguishing this.
The Government are doing our bit on public investment levels, with £113 billion extra of public investment compared with the plans inherited from the Conservative Government.
That is doing a lot of the work to move us to the higher investment equilibrium, but there are lots of projects, and in the end most investment happens in the private sector.
That is where I welcome the progress made by the pensions industry today.
I thank the Minister for building on the work of the Mansion House reforms that I introduced two years ago.
Westminster works best when Governments do not automatically tear up the work of their predecessors.
Who knows, with this constructive attitude, we may see some tax cuts in the autumn Budget.
Does the Minister agree that there is a circularity in the argument that the reason pension funds do not invest in the UK is because returns are lower here?
In Australia and America, the stock markets can depend on more than 40% of pension fund assets investing domestically to create bigger returns, compared with just 4% in the UK.
Does he agree that if we are really to make these reforms fly, we will need to involve the 28,000 defined benefit schemes as well as the 4,000 defined contribution schemes?
That is more like it!
That is what we want to hear from the Conservatives.
The right hon.
Gentleman rightly says that progress was made under the previous Administration.
I have made that clear, and the Chancellor made that very clear this morning, as I said.
I have discussed with many leading members of the pensions industry the fact that we are explicitly building on the progress that the right hon.
Gentleman made, rather than throwing any babies out with the bathwater—even after they have had their nappies changed by the previous Lib Dem Chief Whip,  the right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael) .
I very grateful to  the right hon.
Member for Godalming and Ash (Sir Jeremy Hunt)  for the tone of his question.
He is also right to highlight the lack of UK bias in some of our pension schemes.
We see that right across asset classes, and it is not in the interests of the country in the longer term.
As he knows, the focus today is on private assets, but we do need to think more broadly.
What are we all after?
We are after well-functioning capital markets, both public and private, and these reforms will make a big difference in that regard.
I am not saying that there is not more to be done; I am sure that there is, and that he will continue to play an active part in those debates.
The Science, Innovation and Technology Committee inquiry into the innovation and growth of the regions has repeatedly heard evidence that the lack of access to investment, particularly outside London and the south-east, is a barrier to scaling up our fantastic science and tech start-ups, so I welcome the commitments to put more of our pensions and savings into the productive economy—and I am rather surprised by the response of the shadow Chancellor.
Will the Minister say a little more about how these commitments will support growth through innovation?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
She has long talked about both the issues that she raises: the regional balance of investment and the ability of growing firms to get hold of growth finance.