Roy Stone went into the civil  service at the age of 16 and served his entire life there and in this House.
Twelve Chief Whips across extraordinary moments were the beneficiaries of his sage counsel and advice.
I think the House will be aware that there were several occasions on which I was able to benefit from his advice in somewhat tumultuous times, having offended various senior politicians.
I did not always get a meeting with the Chief Whip with coffee—as hon.
Members know, that is the key test—but Sir Roy and his team were the models of professional expertise, diligence, discretion, care and candid advice throughout.
The fact that he has been taken from us so quickly, so prematurely and so early into his long-deserved retirement is, I am sure, a source of the utmost sadness for every Member of this House.
I am sure that I speak for all members of His Majesty’s Opposition.
We will remember him with great fondness for a very long time.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I have to admit to shedding a tear last night when I heard the news of Sir Roy’s passing.
Within nine months of joining the House in 2019, I became the Chief Whip of a small group of 11, and he treated me and my party with the utmost respect.
He was the first person to refer to me as “chief”—sadly, my family have not picked up that term—which showed the respect he had for the House, MPs and the parties they represent.
I valued his counsel.
We sometimes take the daily business for granted, but it is testament to the work of the usual channels and the Government Whips Office that we end up with the business and debates we have in this place.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael)  is sitting with me.
When Sir Roy left his role and the House in 2021, we took him for dinner at the Liberal Club.
I will just say that the club’s standards of service were exactly what my right hon.
Friend and I expected them to be; I will say no more  on that.
Sir Roy was the epitome of the best of the civil service.
We had good conversations, but it is fair to say that no confidences were betrayed.
I am very saddened to hear of his loss.
My thoughts and my party’s thoughts are with his family.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
In his role in the usual channels, Sir Roy Stone had a unique influence in this place, as we have heard, working for decades for the Government Chief Whip and the Leader of the Opposition, providing advice to both and protecting the confidences of both, but answering honestly to each.
Those in the usual channels hold the only role in government that means working for both the Government and the Opposition; Roy managed the Whips Offices for both.
The British public see adversarial politics and parties in this Chamber, but for decades, Roy and his teams organised and co-ordinated legislation, debates, recesses, statements and urgent questions and managed the relationship between the parties.
Woe betide any Chief Whip who tried to change Roy’s recess schedule, which was almost always in tandem with the Kent school holiday breaks.
Every political science course in the country should have dedicated modules on the usual channels and Sir Roy Stone.
Roy’s dominance of this behind-the-scenes role made him one of the most impactful and consequential civil servants of his time.
Despite being fair to all sides, he was political to his core, not least during the hung Parliament and Brexit.
During that time, he was passionate about and focused on supporting the Government to deliver on the referendum, and was increasingly frustrated with us politicians, and in particular me, for failing to deliver a meaningful vote.