We will continue to work with close partners to deal with this terrorist threat.
The hon.
Gentleman is right: all of us have to lean in and ensure that we are supporting efforts on both sides to deal with horrendous terrorism.
That is what, in the end, will maintain an enduring peace.
The reality remains that the international community has failed  to act on the plight of the Kashmiris for over seven decades.
From the revocation of articles 370 and 35A, stripping Jammu and Kashmir of its special status, to the mass arrests and political repression in one of the  most militarised zones in the world, the attacks on Kashmiri human rights and civil liberties are intolerable.
If we are serious about human rights and long-term peace and stability in the region, the central issue of Kashmir cannot be ignored any longer and must  now get the attention it deserves.
Will the Secretary of State today reaffirm our unwavering commitment to the birthright to self-determination of the sons and daughters of Kashmir?
Let me once again condemn the terrorism we saw that began this crisis and remind the House that since 1947 there have been six conflicts and three wars between these two great countries.
The long-standing position of the UK is that it is for India and Pakistan to find a lasting resolution to the situation in Kashmir, taking into account of course, as my hon.
Friend suggests, the wishes of the Kashmiri people.
My constituents in Woking, particularly those of Indian and Pakistani descent, welcome the ceasefire.
Will the Foreign Secretary urge both countries to accept that the solution to the Kashmir question is self-determination, not further violence?
As I have said, it is absolutely for India and Pakistan to find a lasting resolution to the situation in Kashmir, and of course it must in the end take into account the wishes of the Kashmiri people.
But all of us have a responsibility to condemn terrorism wherever it occurs: 26 innocent people being stripped and shot is intolerable and of course we condemn it.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
We all welcome the easing of tensions between India and Pakistan over the weekend, and our thoughts continue to be with those affected by this shocking terrorist atrocity.
The House will be aware of the ongoing presence of terrorist infrastructure in Pakistan, and that should be a concern for all of us.
Last week at the Dispatch Box, the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs,  the hon.
Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , commented that he had held discussions with his Pakistani counterpart on this very issue.
What further discussions have taken place to secure commitments from the Pakistani Government that they will dismantle terrorist infrastructure, and what role will Britain play in supporting the removal of terrorist threats within Pakistan, because that is what will improve stability and security in the region?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Lady, and may I share my reflections over the last few days?
We do need proper communication between India and Pakistan, and that must happen not just on military channels but on political channels.
She will recognise that on this occasion, those communications are poor.
We do need confidence-building measures and to ensure that we are dealing with terrorism where it acts, and of course the United Kingdom will lean in to that.
Above all, we need dialogue.
The international community can play a role, particularly where countries have relations with both countries.
That is why we have been talking to the United States, that is why we have been talking to Saudi, and that is why we are working with the UAE.
What discussions he has had with his US counterpart on the policy of the US Administration on Iran.
What discussions he has had with his US counterpart on the policy of the US Administration on Iran.