Of course the Minister responsible for the middle east, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , has spoken to the Israeli ambassador.[Official Report,  15 May 2025 ; Vol.
767, c. 8WC.] (
Correction) As I said, on  4 March  we put Iran on the foreign influence registration scheme.
We keep proscription under review.
We are fully engaged with our E3 partners, and we are very pleased that Germany now has a Government so that we can work with them together on the JCPOA and snapback, and of course we are speaking to Steve Witkoff.
If he will make an assessment of the potential merits of allocating 10% of humanitarian aid to educational programmes.
The UK is a principled humanitarian donor.
We prioritise giving humanitarian assistance to people in greatest need, which includes protecting the most vulnerable by supporting access to education in emergencies and crises.
Decisions on future budgets are subject to the ongoing spending review and resource allocation processes.
According to the Education and Development Forum, planned cuts to the official development assistance budget could slash UK aid for education by more than 70% by 2027 compared with 2019 levels.
In Gaza, where 95% of schools are damaged and 650,000 children go without formal education, UK-backed programmes will be vital in restoring hope, providing stability and equipping children with the skills to rebuild.
Does the Minister agree that education aid must be protected, particularly in crisis responses such as in Gaza?
As the Prime Minister set out, the UK will continue to play a leading humanitarian role, including in Gaza, where children must be allowed to return to school in safety.
Through our global funding, the UK enables thousands of children to gain access to essential education services, supporting recovery from the trauma of war and building skills and hope for the future.
In the past, the Minister has spoken very positively about education.
What assessment has been made of the potential progress that could be made in reducing youth radicalisation by allocating aid to education programmes, as we have witnessed over the years a number of young people being brainwashed online by extremist groups?
We have an excellent programme called Education Cannot Wait, which in 2024 provided £12 million in first emergency response grants covering not just the educational needs but the psychosocial needs of those affected by conflict and trauma.
I call the shadow Minister.
We know that education can make a real difference to a girl’s life chances, which is why the last Conservative Government committed to ensuring that every girl has access to quality education.
However, we will now be spending less on development, so can the Minister give clarity on the commitments that the Government are making to support women and girls over the next few years?
Which programmes will be kept and which will be cut, and how much will be invested in those programmes?
The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office’s humanitarian framework sets out our long-term approach through three policy priorities: providing humanitarian assistance for those in greatest need; protecting people at risk in conflict and crises; and preventing and anticipating future shocks and building resilience.
When it comes to building resilience, the people most at risk are often women and young girls who fail to have access to education.
The indices of educational attainment will be the basis on which many of these decisions are made.
Whether his Department plans to introduce a statutory right to consular assistance.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on introducing a statutory right to consular assistance.
We are committed to strengthening support for British nationals abroad, including introducing a right to consular assistance in cases of human rights violations.
The Department is considering a package of measures, which we will announce in due course, alongside options for stakeholder consultations.
Every year, an estimated 5,000 British citizens are arrested abroad, many of them under false pretences.