I will write to the hon.
Lady as soon as I can to update her on the funding.
The sustainable success of Ukraine and its self-defence hinges very much on the appetite of the President of the United States of America.
What steps are the Foreign Secretary, his Ministers and his officials taking to ensure that the President remains committed to defending the territorial integrity of not just his own nation but all nations, and will the Foreign Secretary ensure that the White House understands that allowing an aggressor to prosper in this case will encourage other aggressors to invade their neighbours in the future?
I am grateful for the experience and the strength with which the right hon.
Gentleman has spoken.
He will have noted that the Prime Minister was in Kyiv recently with President Zelensky and other European partners, and that they engaged with President Trump there.
We welcome the desire to secure an enduring peace, but it seems to me that engaging in those talks will require a ceasefire.
It is Putin who is prevaricating, it is Putin who is obfuscating, and we must call that out with our long experience of scrutinising that particular individual.
We all hope the mooted peace talks between Russia and Ukraine on ending Russia’s illegal invasion take place as quickly as possible, to stop the killing and save lives.
Accountability is important, so will the Foreign Secretary outline his position on Russian war crimes and on how justice can be done?
I was very pleased to be with other European Foreign Ministers in Lviv to support the special tribunal and be crystal clear that those who have prosecuted this war must attest and be accountable for their actions.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Ukrainians continue bravely to resist Russia’s war machine, yet President Trump continues to indulge in the fantasy that Putin is serious about peace.
The UK needs to maintain clear leadership in the face of Trump’s unreliability.
In the Foreign Secretary’s response to me in March, he said that the UK wanted to pursue the seizure of frozen Russian assets, but that Belgium and Germany were blockers.
I listened carefully to the answer he gave to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Horsham (John Milne) , and he spoke about multilateralism.
What conversations on this issue has he had with his counterparts in Belgium and Germany since March, and when will the point come when the UK shows leadership, calls time and leads from the front by seizing Russian assets?
I have had detailed talks with my Belgian counterpart—not just at Foreign Minister level, but technical talks that have involved our officials.
I know that the hon.
Gentleman understands multilateralism.
He will recognise that the new German Government have only been in power for a matter of days.
I was able to discuss this issue yesterday with my German counterpart but, with all grace, I am allowing him to spend some time getting into the detail of the issue.
What progress he has made on ratifying the agreement under the United Nations convention on the law of the sea on the conservation and sustainable use of marine biological diversity of areas beyond national jurisdiction.
As the Foreign Secretary said in his Kew lecture, we are completely committed to ratifying the marine biological diversity of areas beyond national jurisdiction agreement.
Primary legislation is required to give effect to our obligations under the agreement, and legislation to implement the agreement will be introduced as soon as the legislative timetable allows.
The UK has led world-class conservation efforts, and this Government have rightly committed to the landmark high seas treaty, but we must act now, as without ratification the UK risks losing its place in shaping this vital treaty’s implementation and future direction.
Can the Minister confirm when legislation to ratify the agreement will be introduced, or provide a clear timetable?