Primary legislation is required to give effect to our obligations under the agreement, and legislation to implement the agreement will be introduced as soon as the legislative timetable allows.
The UK has led world-class conservation efforts, and this Government have rightly committed to the landmark high seas treaty, but we must act now, as without ratification the UK risks losing its place in shaping this vital treaty’s implementation and future direction.
Can the Minister confirm when legislation to ratify the agreement will be introduced, or provide a clear timetable?
If we want to stay at the table, we must claim our seat.
My hon.
Friend is quite right to push the Government on this issue, and the FCDO will redouble our efforts in this place to make sure that we do the necessary work to conclude the legal process.
I call the shadow Minister.
The UK is a world leader in protecting marine environments, particularly around the British Overseas Territories, but tragically that reputation will be trashed when Labour surrenders to Mauritius one of the most important marine protected areas around the British Indian Ocean Territory.
While Mauritian fisheries Ministers have been pledging to issue fishing and trawler licences for those waters, Labour Ministers have given no assurances about future protections, and have just made vague comments on working with Mauritius on a new MPA.
Can the Minister state if the proposed treaty will have any guaranteed protections in place?
Will she confirm what was said in a legal letter to British Chagossians—that their right of return is not guaranteed?
Surely that would be a total betrayal.
I thank the shadow Minister for his question.
Following the trip that he and I did together when we were both on the Foreign Affairs Committee, I am sure he is aware that the marine protected area will continue and that the environment has been at the heart of the negotiations.
Indeed, he must remember that, because when he was the chair of the Chagos Islands all-party parliamentary group, he began the debate with the Mauritians, so I am sure he is in a very good position to ask any further questions that he may like to ask of the Mauritians.
Which development programmes he plans to maintain funding for after the planned reduction of the official development assistance budget in 2027.
This Government are resolutely committed to development, but we recognise that we must do it differently.
We will ensure that the aid budget delivers value for money and has impact globally.
Supporting and growing economies will be at the heart of how we spend ODA going forward, and further decisions on the ODA budget, including specific programmes, are subject to the spending review and resource allocation processes.
These severely constrained budgets call for thinking smarter, not simply smaller, so what work are the Government doing with the World Bank and other international institutions to make sure that UK development spend is fully leveraged so that every penny is as effective as possible?
The right hon.
Member raises a very important point, and we of course continue to engage closely with our partners at the World Bank and other multilateral development institutions.
Multilateral co-operation allows a global scale of investment and delivery that outstrips what countries can achieve alone.
We are also looking at other ways, including through the important work of British International Investment and other bodies, so we are going to look across the board and multilaterally to increase our impact.
The International Development (Gender Equality) Act 2014 says the Government must have due regard to spending aid in a way that contributes to gender equality.
Following on from the earlier question, will the Minister confirm that supporting women and girls is a ministerial priority and that we will continue funding vital programmes that support women and girls in many areas?
It certainly is, and women and girls will remain at the heart of our programming.