We on the Conservative Benches support efforts to ensure pension funds are investing in assets that can both increase UK productivity and growth, and deliver stronger, stable returns for investors and savers.
Indeed, that was the purpose of the first Mansion House compact, which was brokered by the last Conservative Government.
As we well know, Labour Ministers have a habit of thinking they know best what to do with other people’s money, but it should ultimately be the responsibility of the providers, which have been entrusted by savers with their money, to make investment decisions.
Reports that the Government intend to take new powers to mandate pension funds to allocate minimum amounts to specific classes of assets should be a matter of great concern to this House.
Can the Minister confirm whether the Government intend to take such legislative powers in the pensions Bill later this year?
If he cannot rule out making such a move, can he explain what it would mean for the existing fiduciary duties set out in legislation?
Major players in the industry, including Scottish Widows, have reportedly refused to take part in the latest iteration of the Mansion House compact.
Can the hon.
Gentleman explain to the House why that is, what discussions he and other Ministers have had with Scottish Widows and others that have chosen not to take part, and what concerns they have raised?
Let me be clear: we on the Conservative Benches want a pensions industry that is investing in growing UK businesses, infrastructure, housing and all those elements that drive a healthier economy, but it also has to be for the benefit of savers.
Of course, the risks in this case would be borne entirely by private sector workers, while public sector workers would be protected.
Finally, we are clear that pension savings should never be there to dig a Chancellor out of the economic hole that she has made.
I will directly address two questions and then come to the overall tone of the shadow Chancellor’s remarks.
There has been a debate across this House and in the wider industry about mandation, including on UK equities.
It has been led by Conservative peers in the House of Lords—Baroness Altmann has called for exactly that—and by some Members in this House, including  the right hon.
Member for Salisbury (John Glen)  on the Conservative Benches.
What we are setting out a voluntary agreement led by the industry.
On the industry consensus behind the accord, 90% of the defined contribution industry, by active savers, have signed up this morning—and all providers, including those that did not sign up today, are committed to the idea of more investment in private assets.
More generally, the shadow Chancellor’s tone is disappointing.
The truth is that he is a lonely figure.
There is a wide consensus about the direction of travel to invest more in private assets, as Canadian and Australian pension funds do, and today’s accord is industry led; it sets benchmarks agreed by the industry, and in fact many industry players want to go further.
There should be cross-party consensus.
At the event this morning, the Chancellor spelt out that this work builds on the work  of her predecessor in supporting the 2023 Mansion House compact.
The shadow Chancellor will remember that compact because it was signed under a Conservative Government when he was the Work and Pensions Secretary—he was in the press release, championing it.
He was right then, and he is letting himself down now.
I have some news: a response to the accord has just come in from Guy Opperman.
Hon.
Members will remember him, because he was the Conservative former Member for Hexham and the only Pensions Minister in the last Government to last more than five minutes; he was in post for five years.
What did he say about this morning’s accord?
He said that it is a “good thing” and “should be welcomed”—he is not wrong.