The important starting point on China is to be consistent and not to have four or five different China policies, which is what we had under the previous Government.
We have been clear that there are areas where we will co-operate with China, but she knows that we challenge China every time we meet on Hong Kong and on Jimmy Lai.
She also knows there are areas where we are absolutely clear that we will compete with China.
We will be coming forward with our China audit shortly, and we can have a wider discussion then.
We have hearing about and waiting for the China audit for some time.
China has repeatedly failed to take action to stop fuelling Russia’s illegal invasion of Ukraine—we saw President Xi standing side by side with Putin in Moscow just days ago.
Will the Foreign Secretary provide details on the discussions that have taken place with President Zelensky over his forthcoming visit to Turkey, and what direct support is Britain giving for any discussions he will have with Putin to ensure that any peace is secured and won on Ukraine’s terms, in such a way that respects fundamental basic freedoms and the principle that aggressors should never, ever win?
On  22 April , I raised concerns with my Chinese counterpart on China’s supply of equipment to Russia and on the relationship with the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea—North Korea—and Russia and Iran.
The right hon.
Lady will know that I sanctioned Chinese entities that were supplying dual-use technology to the Russians, killing Ukrainians.
I welcome that the UK Government are to convene  an urgent session of the UN Security Council this   afternoon to discuss the food situation in Gaza.
Will Ministers ensure that Dame Barbara Woodward takes a message from my constituents, including Mairi MacKinnon, Ian Stephen, Louise Scullion and Malcolm MacLean, who expressed their disgust and condemnation of the Israeli Government using food as a weapon of war?
There are 71,000 children in Gaza.
Will he ensure that that message is heard in New York?
Order.
Come on—there are other people here.
Please help them.
I thank my hon.
Friend for transmitting his constituents’ concerns, which I know are felt widely across this House.
I can confirm that our permanent representative in New York will be expressing the full force of our views, as we heard earlier in this session.
Will the Minister confirm the state of the current negotiations over the future of Gibraltar, including whether they will be concluded before the EU-UK reset, and will he confirm that the views and interests of the Gibraltarian people will be paramount?
The hon.
Gentleman can be absolutely assured on that latter point.
I spoke to the Chief Minister of Gibraltar just this morning.
We have been working closely with him and, indeed, with our EU and Spanish counterparts, and all sides agree on the importance of concluding a treaty as soon as possible.
We are working closely with all the parties in that regard, and we will only conclude an agreement that protects sovereignty and UK military autonomy, provides certainty for the people of Gibraltar and secures their future prosperity.
We will endeavour to achieve that in due course.
Over the past few days,  has reported that an airport worker and his wife, who works in the NHS, have been raising funds in the UK through an unregistered charity called Zayir UK and sending them to Hezbollah-linked groups in Lebanon.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that charitable donations in the UK cannot be used to fund terrorism in the middle east?
The entirety of Hezbollah has been proscribed in the UK since 2019.
Raising money for terrorist organisations is a criminal offence.
This Government will continue to take robust action against those suspected of raising money for terrorist organisations in the middle east and around the world.