The entirety of Hezbollah has been proscribed in the UK since 2019.
Raising money for terrorist organisations is a criminal offence.
This Government will continue to take robust action against those suspected of raising money for terrorist organisations in the middle east and around the world.
Nearly every single child is at risk of famine in Gaza as the Israeli Government use starvation as a weapon of war.
We have heard from Ministers today about the action that the Government have taken so far, but there are still some actions that they have not taken, including the recognition of Palestine as a state, individual sanction and a total suspension of arms to Israel.
If now is not the time to take those actions, when will  that be?
We are committed to recognising a Palestinian state at a time that has the most impact in achieving a reality most conducive to long-term peace in the region, and we continue to talk to our partners about that.
The other issues that the hon.
Member raised have already been discussed in this session.
Given the Prime Minister’s warning that the world has fundamentally changed and that we are in a dangerous new era, will the Secretary of State commit to protecting the British Council and its soft power role in strengthening global relationships, and does he agree that any cuts to its support would undermine decades of trusted UK diplomacy?
The British Council has no greater champions than Labour Ministers on the Front Bench.
It does a fantastic job to promote the UK abroad.
Across this House, we love the British Council.
The right hon.
Member for Hayes and Harlington (John McDonnell) raised a point of order yesterday following the Department’s failure to respond to a letter from a number of hon.
Members asking the Secretary of State to come to the House to make a statement on alarming research that shows that the UK continues to send large-scale exports of lethal weaponry to Israel.
May I beseech the Secretary of State to make a statement to the House on this matter?
If he is not willing to do so, can he confirm that all statements that he has made in this House since September 2024 relating to arms exports to Israel have been completely accurate and fully transparent?
Yes, I can.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm that this Government are totally opposed to the expansion of Israel’s military operations in Gaza and are four-square behind restoring the ceasefire?
As I said last week, we are opposed to an expansion of Israel’s military operation.
I was also asked about the Israeli Finance Minister’s comments about the destruction of Gaza—comments that I had not seen at the time.
I have since seen them and I condemn them.
I call Alistair Carmichael.
I apologise, Mr Speaker; I had not realised that my name was on the Order Paper.
I call Matthew Patrick.
On Sunday, I had the honour of meeting Emily Damari.
She told me about her good friends, Ziv and Gali Berman, who remain in captivity.
It is so clear to me that no hostage will be free until all hostages are free.
Hamas footage at the weekend serves only to deliver more torment to the  families.
Will the Minister set out, before the 600 day-anniversary later this month of the  7 October  attacks, the steps he will be taking to ensure humanitarian access for those hostages?
I welcome the release of Edan Alexander after an agonising 583 days in captivity, and I thank Qatar and Egypt for their support.
We urge all parties to seize this opportunity to re-engage with negotiations and return to a ceasefire.
That is what will see the return of those hostages.
When I discussed this with Secretary of State Rubio and, indeed, with partners in Qatar and Saudi Arabia, I urged them to raise those issues with the President this week.