Roy’s dominance of this behind-the-scenes role made him one of the most impactful and consequential civil servants of his time.
Despite being fair to all sides, he was political to his core, not least during the hung Parliament and Brexit.
During that time, he was passionate about and focused on supporting the Government to deliver on the referendum, and was increasingly frustrated with us politicians, and in particular me, for failing to deliver a meaningful vote.
Roy loved his central role in this place, and had the respect, if not always the agreement, of everyone, politician and civil servant alike.
Despite all the stresses and strains in that most demanding period of parliamentary history, which is when I worked with him, what shone out was the love for and commitment to his family: his brother, who was ill with cancer during the Brexit years; and his wife Dawn and children Hannah and Elliott.
In particular, there was pride in Elliott’s commitment to the RAF, in which he was a cadet, and of which he is now a full-time member.
A patriot at work, a patriot at home.
Rest in peace, Sir Roy Stone.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
Roy was political to his core.
He loved this place more than anyone could possibly imagine.
He regularly got quite frustrated with Governments and Prime Ministers.
I will always remember arriving at the office on my first day as Chief Whip, and seeing his look of frustration and irritation, which said, “Who on earth have they sent me now?
He’s never been in the Whips Office.”
I remember Roy sitting me down and explaining that he worked for me 51% of the time and for the Opposition the other 49%.
I wanted him to shift the dial a little more in my favour, but he was never going to do that.
I asked him, rather naively, what I should read, and whether it was worth picking up “Erskine May”.
He looked at me and said, “Chief, only strange people and Clerks read ‘Erskine May’.”
Yet there was a not a page in “Erskine May” that he did not know.
Roy started as an apprentice in the Ministry of Defence, worked his way through to No.
10 Downing Street and got briefings ready for Prime Ministers, and then went into the Whips Office.
All that equipped him to understand raw politics.
As anyone who has been Chief Whip will know, it is deputies, not Chief Whips, who whip their party; Chief Whips have to manage the Prime Minister and the Cabinet.
They are there to save the Government from doing incredibly stupid things to themselves every single day—or that was the case in my day.
I have a feeling that might not have changed that much.
I would sometimes come into the office and Roy’s eyes would roll; he had heard the news about the latest decision emanating from No.
10.
Yet he would always sit down, talk through the problem and give solutions—a potential way out of the awful mess that you found yourself in.
I particularly recall the day after the 2017 general election.
For those who were not here, it had not gone quite as well as we had hoped.
I arrived at the beautiful Chief Whips Office in Downing Street and Roy, who was as good with his Anglo-Saxon words as any man—I will not say the word he used, but it rhymed with “clucking”—said, “Well, you clucking screwed  that one up, didn’t you?
What are you going to do?”
At the time, the Prime Minister was in shock and not really doing an awful lot, and it fell to the Whips Office to work out how we took things forward.
Sitting down with Roy to work things out was essential to our putting together a deal with the Democratic Unionist party—a deal that made sure that  the right hon.