(Urgent Question): To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer if she will make a statement on the Mansion House accord.
Mr Speaker, I would like to associate myself with your tribute and those of other Members to Sir Roy Stone, who was a true public servant, and a servant of this House.
Pensions matter.
They underpin not just the retirement that we all look forward to, but the investment on which our future prosperity depends.
This morning, 17 workplace pension scheme providers, between them managing about 90% of active savers’ defined contribution pensions, signed the Mansion House accord.
The accord was proposed and developed by the industry, specifically by the Lord Mayor, the Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association and the Association of British Insurers, and builds on the work of the former Chancellor,  the right hon.
Member for Godalming and Ash (Sir Jeremy Hunt) , who is in his place.
Signatories to the accord have pledged to invest 10% of their main default funds in private assets by 2030.
These are productive assets that boost the economy, such as infrastructure.
At least 5% will be for UK assets.
This investment could support better outcomes for savers and deliver growth finance to Britain’s world-leading science and technology businesses.
It could also support clean energy developments across the country, delivering greater energy security and jobs.
The shift towards greater investment in private assets is a journey that the sector is already on, because everyone recognises that UK defined contribution schemes stand out relative to their international peers for how little they invest in those areas.
This is right for savers because it is in their interests for pension funds to hold a diverse range of assets, and it is in Britain’s interests.
This Government want to see higher investment levels in the UK.
We cannot continue with the lowest business investment in the G7, as we managed under the previous Administration.
Supply of capital is part of that—and today’s agreement is expected to release £25 billion of additional investment into the UK economy by 2030—but so is the supply of projects to invest in: the pipeline.
Our job as a Government is to support the depth and visibility of that pipeline, and that is why we are getting this country building once again.
The accord is an industry-led agreement—nevertheless, I hugely welcome it.
The pensions industry’s decision to invest in more productive assets, from growing companies to infrastructure, will support better outcomes for savers and faster growth for Britain.
In the coming weeks, the Government will publish the conclusions of the pensions investment review to support the move to bigger and better pension schemes.
We will implement the review’s reforms, and others to improve returns for savers, in the forthcoming pension schemes Bill, which I look forward to presenting to the House.
May I start by associating myself with the very fine tributes made to Sir Roy Stone?
My condolences go to his family.
No response from the Chancellor, we see, but I thank the Minister for his statement.
The retirement incomes of millions of UK savers rely on the careful management of pension funds.
Those pension providers have a fiduciary duty to act in the best financial interests of their members.
We on the Conservative Benches support efforts to ensure pension funds are investing in assets that can both increase UK productivity and growth, and deliver stronger, stable returns for investors and savers.
Indeed, that was the purpose of the first Mansion House compact, which was brokered by the last Conservative Government.
As we well know, Labour Ministers have a habit of thinking they know best what to do with other people’s money, but it should ultimately be the responsibility of the providers, which have been entrusted by savers with their money, to make investment decisions.