Our European partners played an important part, and Europe benefited greatly from the sacrifices made to fight fascism.
Wherever we see tyranny, we must continue to stand up for the rights of innocent people, and I was proud to spend the next day in Lviv standing with those who are fighting today.
The centenary of the second world war is way into the future, but will the Foreign Secretary ensure that the UK does not repeat the mistakes of the past when we were rather late coming to the party with the international commemoration of the centenary of the great war?
Will he say when we will engage with international partners to start preparing for the centenary of the second world war, and will his Department, the Cabinet Office or  the Department for Culture, Media and Sport take  the lead?
The right hon.
Member asks an important question.
Entering my 25th year in Parliament, I am not sure that I will still be in Parliament on that occasion.
However, he is right that we commemorate that appropriately, so I will ask the necessary questions in the coming days and update him.
What steps he has taken to support international programmes on nature restoration and resilience.
We cannot address the urgency of the climate and nature crisis without co-ordinated global action.
We are supporting nature restoration and resilience in many important ways, including by protecting and restoring forests, working with indigenous people in the Amazon and Congo basins, and supporting vulnerable coastal communities and ecosystems.
Last week marked the 99th birthday of Sir David Attenborough and the release of his powerful new film, “Ocean”.
I encourage all Members to watch it.
It makes a compelling case for ocean protection as essential to tackling climate change and restoring nature.
With the 2025 UN ocean conference in France fast approaching, will my hon.
Friend ensure the UK arrives in the strongest position for that conference by ratifying the high seas treaty and delivering our domestic nature restoration goals through measures, including ending bottom trawling in marine protected areas?
Let me wish a belated happy birthday to Sir David.
His advocacy for the natural world is truly inspirational.
We are committed to ratifying the agreement, and we will introduce legislation to implement it as soon as the legislative timetable allows.
What recent progress he has made on helping to secure the release of Alaa Abd el-Fattah.
The Government are committed to securing Alaa’s release, and we continue to raise his case at the highest levels of the Egyptian Government.
The Foreign Secretary has raised the case on multiple occasions, as have I. The national security adviser has also raised this case, as has the Prime Minister.
I thank the Minister for his response.
Members of the family of Alaa Abd el-Fattah are again in the Gallery today, and his mother Laila has now not taken food for seven months.
I met her again recently and she is so frail now.
Does the Minister agree that Alaa’s arbitrary detention, long after his sentence ended, continues in violation of the Vienna convention, and that there must be consequences for Egypt, including international legal options and new travel advice,  given the evident dangers to British nationals detained in Egypt?
I would also like to pay tribute to the fortitude and bravery of Alaa’s family, both those in the Gallery and, of course, Laila, whom I have met on a number of occasions and the Prime Minister has met, too.
We consider Alaa a British national.
He holds both  British and Egyptian nationality.
We have been clear on that point, even though it is disputed by the Egyptian Government.
We are committed to continuing to work on this case.
What steps he is taking to prepare for the 2025 UN ocean conference.
The UN ocean conference is an important moment for protecting the ocean and progress towards UN sustainable development goal 14, “Life Below Water”.