But they do not want us to spend the next five years renegotiating the deal.
Oh, it was sarcasm.
As I was saying, I am very pleased, as many are, with the Government for being cool-headed and having a common-sense approach.
We are going to reset our relationship with the European Union and put Britain first.
Putting Britain first has to also mean putting our young people first, so I am excited by the opportunity for young people in my constituency and every constituency to take advantage of a time-limited, controlled visa-based youth system, which we already have with a dozen countries.
I can tell the right hon.
Gentleman what people in Chelsea and Fulham really want.
They do not want a Prime Minister like the last one—a business Prime Minister—who said that we would level up to help people across the country but then did nothing about it.
What they want is a Prime Minister who will   invest in increasing skills and apprenticeships right across the country, as ours said yesterday that he will.
That is what we need, and that is what we are getting now.
Iran is now producing roughly one significant quantity of highly enriched uranium every six weeks.
That is 40 times above the limit in the joint comprehensive plan of action—the deal that we struck with Iran, which I have in front of me.
I am really crystal clear about this.
Iran must never develop a nuclear weapon; it must reverse its escalations—we have seen that in its enrichment programme; it must not carry out any critical weaponisation work; and these terms have to be fully verifiable.
Unless we get that, we will see a snapback of the sanctions regime that we struck with it 10 years ago.
The right hon.
Lady is right.
On  3 May , counter-terrorism police arrested eight individuals, including seven Iranian nationals, as part of two separate police investigations.
Of course the Minister responsible for the middle east, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , has spoken to the Israeli ambassador.
As I said, on  4 March  we put Iran on the foreign influence registration scheme.
We keep proscription under review.
We are fully engaged with our E3 partners, and we are very pleased that Germany now has a Government so that we can work with them together on the JCPOA and snapback, and of course we are speaking to Steve Witkoff.
Second Reading opposed and deferred until  Tuesday 20 May  ( Standing Order No.
20 ).
The Secretary of State was asked—
What discussions he has had with his Israeli counterpart on the entry of aid and food supplies into Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to support people impacted by the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
Aid must be restored to Gaza.
It should never be used as a political tool, and Israel is bound under international law to allow the unhindered passage of humanitarian aid.
The UK has jointly called an urgent session of the UN Security Council this afternoon to address the dire situation in Gaza.
The current intentional blockade of food, water and medicine by the Israeli Government is preventing life-sustaining supplies from reaching thousands of children, who the Minister knows are most vulnerable to malnutrition and premature death.
Save the Children estimates that over 65,000 children are suffering.
What decisive action are the Government taking beyond the E3 statement to make it clear to the Government of Israel that their siege in Gaza must end immediately  and that a humanitarian aid system cannot be replaced with a military-controlled one?
Will he consider sanctions and the cessation of arms and rule out any trade deal, as children should not pay the price for the inaction of the international community?
My hon.