What are you going to do?”
At the time, the Prime Minister was in shock and not really doing an awful lot, and it fell to the Whips Office to work out how we took things forward.
Sitting down with Roy to work things out was essential to our putting together a deal with the Democratic Unionist party—a deal that made sure that  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn)  did not have the opportunity to form a Government in 2017, or since.
Roy lived and breathed politics, but also cared about nothing more than his family.
I would hear him talk with such pride about his daughter at university, and about his son, whom he took to countless events related to swimming, and then to the RAF.
Altogether, Roy was a good friend.
Just a few weeks ago, I was sitting down with him, having a cup of coffee and talking about his family.
We talked about the difficult times, but also the amazing times.
He will be so missed.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I want to pass on the sincere condolences of the Scottish National party to the family and friends of Roy Stone, and I really hope that they take comfort from today’s proceedings.
We speak of Roy in such terms not just because we respected him, but because we liked him.
He was a likeable guy who was great company and such fun to be with.
I will never forget the kindness that Roy showed me as a new Member of this House, and as a recently installed Chief Whip who did not have a clue about House business or procedure.
He patiently ran through how the House worked; getting a lesson from Roy Stone on parliamentary procedure is something that I will never forget.
I was representing a group of five, and Roy had time for us all.
The SNP finally got access to the usual channels when we became the third party in the House, and I was able to observe how effectively he did his work.
I will never be in government, unlike others who are paying tribute today, but I saw how seamlessly Roy was able to serve Governments of different hues, and how the ship of state sailed on under his stewardship and command.
Roy was the absolute epitome of public service and commitment to this House, which he loved, and we will all miss him dearly.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
Thank you for allowing this quite exceptional but fitting tribute, which I am sure will give some comfort to Sir Roy’s wife Dawn and his children, Hannah and Elliott.
It was my privilege to work with Sir Roy during the first three and a half years of the coalition Government.
Coalition government had never been done in this country in modern peacetime.
The coalition required service to not one party but two in government, and for Sir Roy, it was a time of change and challenges, but they were all challenges that he took impeccably in his stride.
There are many anecdotes that I could tell you, Mr Speaker, but unfortunately, too many of those who were involved are still alive, and there are limits to how far one can push parliamentary privilege.
The genius of Sir Roy Stone was that he never betrayed any personal political view.
That was how he was able to serve Governments of all stripes.
The dignity of Parliament and of the business of government really mattered to him.
There was only one occasion when I  saw Sir Roy’s mask slip.
It was the early days of the coalition Government.
The Liberal Democrat Whips Office was in the business of babysitting, and on this occasion it involved an actual baby; it was not the normal babysitting that the Whips Office is called on to do.