What decisive action are the Government taking beyond the E3 statement to make it clear to the Government of Israel that their siege in Gaza must end immediately  and that a humanitarian aid system cannot be replaced with a military-controlled one?
Will he consider sanctions and the cessation of arms and rule out any trade deal, as children should not pay the price for the inaction of the international community?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the plight of children in Gaza and, indeed, all those suffering from the lack of aid and the continued conflict.
This Government have been clear that the ceasefire must be restored.
Since the E3 statement, which she mentions, we have taken the decision jointly with our partners to call an urgent session of the UN Security Council, given the gravity of the situation.
The looming famine in Gaza is not a natural disaster; it is a direct result of the deterioration of the ceasefire agreement.
It is deeply concerning that this is putting the entire population of Gaza at critical risk of food insecurity and potential famine.
Can the Minister assure me that this Government are supporting every possible opportunity to get vital resources and humanitarian aid into the region?
I can give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
We are doing everything we can to ensure that aid gets in, that hostages are released, that Hamas are no longer in charge of Gaza, and that we get the ceasefire and path to a two-state solution that we so desperately need.
The UN’s Philippe Lazzarini is right, isn’t he, to say today that Israel is committing a “massive atrocity” by blocking aid to the children of Gaza?
As well as the urgent need for aid, the Palestinian people need more trade with countries like the UK.
Will the Minister explain how my constituents in Rochdale  can buy more Palestinian goods, such as olive oil, herbs and dates, and support tech companies and the many co-operatives that operate in the west bank and in Gaza?
I know that Rochdale is the home of the co-operative movement in this country and that there are many co-operatives in the Occupied Palestinian Territories as well.
On  20 April , we signed a memorandum of understanding with the Palestinian Authority.
That includes pursuing further co-operation in exactly the areas he describes, including economic development and trade.
Gaza faces imminent famine due to the Israeli Government’s blockade, and over 2 million people face catastrophic hunger levels.
What action are the UK Government taking to lift the blockade and secure the delivery of humanitarian aid to Gaza?
This Government have a clear position on the vital importance of aid returning to Gaza.
That is why we are calling an urgent session of the UN Security Council this afternoon.
It is why the Foreign Secretary has made these points repeatedly and clearly to his Israeli counterparts, as indeed have I.
How long will the UK walk by on the other side as Palestinian children bleed and starve to death?
Is it not time that this Government, and indeed His Majesty’s loyal Opposition, show that they are supportive of Israel, but that that  support does not necessarily mean they are supportive of a particular Government—in this case, the racist, brutal regime of Netanyahu?
Let us not forget what this Government have done.
We restored funding to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency after the Conservatives froze it.
We suspended arms export licences whereas the Conservatives did not take action.
We have provided £129 million in humanitarian assistance to the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
We are not on the other side of the road.
I welcome the right hon.
Member’s strong views on this; I found his intervention last week very powerful indeed.
There is no one on the Labour Benches who does not understand the gravity of the situation.