We urge all parties to seize this opportunity to re-engage with negotiations and return to a ceasefire.
That is what will see the return of those hostages.
When I discussed this with Secretary of State Rubio and, indeed, with partners in Qatar and Saudi Arabia, I urged them to raise those issues with the President this week.
Is a pattern emerging where the Trump Administration take initially extreme positions on international trade and foreign policy and then quickly re-adjust to more realistic and sensible policies?
What opportunities does that give for British diplomacy?
In many ways, that question is better put to President Trump and I do not want to speak for him.
None the less, I am pleased that the United Kingdom was the first country to strike a trade agreement with the United States.
Many international partners are now ringing us up to ask us how we did it.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
I know that a lot is going on, but the biodiversity beyond national jurisdiction treaty is important.
It is about our blue planet and our oceans, in which we used to have a leadership position.
When we were leading it, 115 countries signed that treaty, but it needs to be ratified as well, and very few countries are ratifying it, including Britain.
When we asked the Government about it, they said that it was because they did not have enough time.
Have they dropped the ball, is there a Bill, will we ratify it, and will we ratify it before the UN Oceans Conference?
We will redouble our efforts to get into the legislative queue and do all that is necessary to maintain our leadership in this important area.
Today we welcome the release of Edan Alexander, the latest hostage freed by Hamas, after over 500 days in captivity.
The fact that they still have people in captivity is disgraceful and barbaric and puts into perspective the fact that the group Kneecap are being platformed in Croydon, after they shouted support for Hamas from a stage.
What pressure are the Government putting on the Palestinian authorities to ensure that the remaining hostages are returned to their families as they should be?
They should never have been taken in the first place.
We continue, with all our partners, to call for the immediate release of all hostages.
I think particularly of Avinatan Or, who has a British mother and who is still in captivity under who knows what conditions.
We will continue to press for the release of all hostages.
On  15 May  we will commemorate the 77th anniversary of the 1948 Nakba, which saw hundreds of thousands of Palestinians displaced from their homes and dispossessed, and it still continues today.
I pay tribute to Ministers for the diplomacy they are engaged in and for the recent memorandum of understanding that was agreed with Palestine, but the children of Gaza cannot wait weeks and months.
They need food and water now.
What more can we do?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for continuing to raise these issues.
We have a meeting of the UN Security Council this afternoon.
It was important that I spoke to colleagues in Saudi Arabia and the UAE the weekend before last about these issues and with partners in the region, particularly as President Trump visits.
I am very concerned following a meeting with my German counterpart about Israeli decisions to reduce the number of distribution points, and we will be making these representations very actively over the coming days.
It is not often in this House that we recognise a former civil servant, but before we proceed to the next business I would like to pay tribute to Sir Roy Stone, who died yesterday.