There was only one occasion when I  saw Sir Roy’s mask slip.
It was the early days of the coalition Government.
The Liberal Democrat Whips Office was in the business of babysitting, and on this occasion it involved an actual baby; it was not the normal babysitting that the Whips Office is called on to do.
Inevitably, as happens with babies, there was a need for a nappy to be changed.
I took the baby—I think it was Jenny Willott’s son, Toby—into my office, and I had laid him on the sofa and was changing his nappy when Sir Roy Stone appeared in the doorway.
One glimpse at his face told me that this scene realised his worst fears about having Liberal Democrats in government.
Sir Roy cared about both Government and Parliament, and being able to serve both requires very distinctive and particular talents.
It was a privilege to work with him and to have the benefit of those talents.
For those who mourn him, especially his family, the recognition of those talents should be an enduring comfort.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I first knew Sir Roy Stone when I became leader of my group after the 2017 general election.
He did, in fact, pass views on the Chief Whips of the time, but I think they are probably best kept to myself for now, because some of them are in the Chamber.
He was immensely supportive, and as the leader of a very small group, I learned so much from him.
It was the first time that the group had had meetings with the Chief Whip.
I speak on behalf of a small party, and Sir Roy’s respect for Parliament, and for the presence of small parties in it, was evident.
He felt that we had a role to play, and he enabled us to play that role very effectively.
My lasting memory of Sir Roy was from just after he left.
A member of staff, Fflur Elin, could play the harp.
Sir Roy found that out, and nothing would do but for Fflur to bring in said harp to play for him.
It has been an honour to know him, and people’s recollections of him today tell me that he had immense influence on all of us here.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
On behalf of the Democratic Unionist party, I want to convey to the family of Sir Roy Stone our deepest condolences at this time of tragedy and grief.
To serve under a number of Prime Ministers and Chief Whips is no easy task, but he was always fair and impartial.
He contributed loyally and with great wisdom.
I would not like to say anything against any of the Chief Whips in my party, but I have probably challenged them all, and to be perfectly honest, I probably still do.
Sir Roy’s advice was much sought after and liberally given.
He set a standard for others to follow, and to admire from a distance.
It is always good to cite the Bible at these times; he has run the race, he has fought the good fight and there are many crowns laid up for him in heaven.
Thank you, Sir Roy, and God bless all the family at this time.
These really have been fitting tributes to Sir Roy Stone.
He will always be in our thoughts and memories because of what he did for this House.
I know that the Clerks feel the same way.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer if she will make a statement on the Mansion House accord.
Mr Speaker, I would like to associate myself with your tribute and those of other Members to Sir Roy Stone, who was a true public servant, and a servant of this House.
Pensions matter.