I welcome the right hon.
Member’s strong views on this; I found his intervention last week very powerful indeed.
There is no one on the Labour Benches who does not understand the gravity of the situation.
That is why we invited the Palestinian Prime Minister, why we signed the memorandum of understanding, and why we are calling an urgent session of the Security Council.
This Government will not be on the other side of the road from Palestinian suffering.
Last week the United Nations issued a report describing the situation in Gaza as
“one of the most ostentatious and merciless manifestations of the desecration of human life and dignity”.
The Government have always insisted that it is not for them but for the courts to determine what is and what is not a genocide, but the Minister will know that the genocide convention also puts a legal obligation on states to act to prevent a genocide.
Does he believe that the UK has fulfilled its legal obligation under that convention to prevent a genocide in Gaza?
As I said to  the right hon.
Member for The Wrekin (Mark Pritchard) , we are taking action—not just rhetoric, but action—to try to address the situation in Gaza.
That includes calling the Security Council to an urgent session this afternoon, alongside our partners.
We will continue to take the action that we think is needed to ensure that the people of Gaza get what  they need.
We hear about the actions that the Government are taking, but unfortunately none of them are leading to the prevention of the starvation and killing of innocent civilians.
The latest numbers, which are only an estimate, show that over 60 children have died of starvation according to official records.
We do not know how many have died but have not yet been recorded.
There is one step that the Government have not taken.
I welcome the aid, but when it stands on the other side of a crossing and cannot get to the people who need it, it is useless.
Some 10 or 11 months ago, aid was airdropped into Gaza.
Why are the Government not airdropping aid or providing it by sea, and will they condemn the bombing on  2 May  of the freedom flotilla, which went to provide aid?
As I think the House knows, I am familiar with the impediments to getting aid into Gaza—I went to the Gaza-Egypt border to see the restrictions for myself.
We have made these points in public and in private, and we will continue to do so.
We are talking to our Jordanian partners and others—many in the region understandably have real concerns about the lack of aid  getting in.
Although we are considering, with Jordan and others, what the alternatives may be, I must be plain with the House: there is no alternative to a land route if aid is to get in at the scale that is required, so we must be clear with the Israeli Government and all partners in the region that opening those crossings is critical.
Mr Lazzarini has said that children in Gaza are more likely to die of starvation than of an act of violence.
What does my hon.
Friend expect from this afternoon’s session at the UN?
What specifically will be asked for that would move the situation on?
Israel cannot be allowed to continue using food as a weapon of war.
I think I was clear about the Government’s expectations in my previous answer.
Those expectations are grounded in Israel’s international legal obligations.
Ultimately, this is a week of diplomacy: the President of the United States will be in the region, and we will raise these issues in the Security Council.
I hope that diplomacy will be able to make progress towards a ceasefire and the restoration of aid.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Gaza has been starved of humanitarian aid for over 70 days now.