Republic of Bulgaria. The first United States Diplomatic Agent to Bulgaria, John B. Jackson, presented his credentials on September 19, 1903. The first Special Envoy and Minister Plenipotentiary of Bulgaria to the United States, Stefan Panaretov, presented his credentials to President Woodrow Wilson on December 22, 1914. Today Bulgaria is well represented in Washington by Ambassador Georgi Aanayotor who also was an election observer for the South Carolina Presidential Primary in the tradition of former Ambassador Elena Poptodorova. The enduring ties between the two nations are exemplified by the founding of the American College of Sofia, dating back to a school opened by American missionaries in Bulgaria in 1860. On September 25, 2023, the United States and Bulgaria held the second high-level Strategic Dialogue to advance their bilateral, regional, and global agenda and to further enhance cooperation as friends, Allies, and partners. The United States and Bulgaria stand together as North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Allies, determined to safeguard the freedom, common heritage, and civilization of their peoples, founded on the principles of democracy, individual liberty, and the rule of law, seeking to promote stability and well-being in the North Atlantic area. They have signed numerous important documents in key areas, including defense and security cooperation, 5G security, civil nuclear cooperation, science and technology, and combating foreign disinformation and propaganda. The United States and Bulgaria stand united against aggression and terror, condemning in the strongest possible terms Russia's brutal and unprovoked war of aggression against Ukraine, and the heinous attacks on the Israeli people by the terrorist organization Hamas. Bulgaria remains committed to the collective defense, as exemplified by hosting a NATO battlegroup with United States participation, and by establishing a NATO littoral countries mine countermeasures task force to secure freedom of navigation in the Black Sea. Prior to becoming a NATO member and subsequently, as an ally, Bulgaria participated in the United States-led and NATO missions and operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Kosovo, and the Mediterranean. Bulgaria was among the very first countries to denounce terrorism and pledge active support to the United States in the fight against terrorism following the attacks of September 11, 2001. Bulgaria provided overflight and basing rights at the town of Bourgas for Operation Enduring Freedom, representing the first stationing of foreign forces in Bulgaria since World War II, and Bulgaria deployed a nuclear, biological, and chemical protection detachment to Afghanistan as part of the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF). The United States and Bulgaria recognize that Russia's full-scale invasion