As I said in response to an earlier question, the Foreign Secretary spoke to the Iranian Foreign Minister last week and underlined that we continue to support a diplomatic resolution to the tensions with Iran.
We do not want to see Iran secure a nuclear weapon.
We believe that a diplomatic solution is the best way to achieve that, but we will hold the snap-back of sanctions, and indeed many other measures, under review until we are satisfied.
What steps he is taking to support Ukraine.
What steps his Department is taking to support Ukraine.
The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office is leading international efforts to keep up the pressure on Russia through more than 2,200 sanctions, which have helped to reduce Russia’s oil revenue by 25% between January and November 2024 compared with two years prior.
We are of course also working hard to co-ordinate allies.
Just yesterday I was in Madrid discussing these issues with European counterparts, and later this week I will be at the NATO Foreign Ministers conference, where the Ukrainians will be as well.
I am incredibly proud that, since the onset of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, Wrexham has welcomed many Ukrainian families.
Among them are Yaroslav and Oksana, who had long dreamed of opening a café in their home town of Chortkiv.
Despite the war preventing them from realising that dream at home, they now own a thriving business on Wrexham High Street.
How are the Government continuing to support Ukrainian families who play a big part in communities across Britain, as well as those who, at some point in the future, may wish to return to Ukraine when the situation allows?
I am proud that the British people across our country have opened their homes and their hearts to Ukrainians fleeing Russia’s brutal war.
The Homes for Ukraine scheme has helped more than 160,000 Ukrainians to find refuge here, and since  4 February , Ukrainian refugees can apply to remain for an additional 18 months while continuing to receive vital support.
As the Foreign Secretary knows, we have substantial engagement with, and deployment to, Estonia.
Talk of peace in Ukraine is of course welcome and Britain should play its role in supporting that peace, but does he accept that any deployment of British troops to Ukraine increases the risk to the UK and its forces in Estonia?
The hon.
Gentleman should know that the UK’s commitment to the security of Estonia is iron-clad, and made real by our NATO forward land forces deployment.
Discussions regarding how our military can support Ukraine’s future security arrangements are ongoing, including with NATO allies and Secretary-General Rutte.
Part of the discussion for countries committed to the coalition of the willing is about ensuring that those countries on the frontline are not left without adequate support.
The hon.
Gentleman raises a very important issue.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
The whole House continues to stand united with the people of Ukraine in their existential struggle.
Although there has been much coverage of tentative steps towards a Black sea ceasefire, does the Foreign Secretary agree that, with the brutal war raging on land, we must continue to constrain Putin’s war machine with every tool at our disposal?
Could he update us on his plans for doing so beyond sanctions?
Does he agree that the onus remains squarely on Putin to prove whether he is in any way serious about the kind of lasting and just peace that President Zelensky wants to see?
The right hon.
Lady should know that, with EU colleagues yesterday, at the G7 a few weeks ago and, I am sure, with colleagues as I head to NATO, we are discussing an oil cap in particular and how that would limit Putin’s reserves.
We continue to discuss not just the freezing of assets but the seizing of assets.
We recognise that some European colleagues are more exposed than we in the UK are.