We want to continue to use the skills of doctors at all stages of their careers, and we shall continue to work with them, the British Medical Association and others to make sure that there is no detriment to their returning to service in the NHS.
I declare an interest as a member of the NHS pension scheme.
Can the Minister confirm that this issue arose only because the previous Government carried out their NHS pension reforms in a way that was found to be age discriminatory?
More widely, does she agree that giving NHS staff the terms and conditions and the reward and recognition that they deserve also requires prompt action each year on agreeing the NHS pay award, which the Conservative party routinely failed to do when in Government?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point on our commitment to staff to be clear on their terms and conditions, and our commitment to honouring that reward.
That is why we acted promptly when we came into office.
We have issued statements and provided answers to parliamentary questions to make sure that people are clear about the system and that we are transparent.
It takes rather a long time to train a doctor—up to six years—so it is a good job that the previous Government had the opportunity to train more doctors.
Will the Minister look at one aspect of concern, which is that if doctors start reducing their overtime hours because of fiscal aspects, it will hamper the opportunity to get more patients treated and to shorten the length of waiting lists?
As I said in response to  the right hon.
Member for South West Wiltshire (Dr Murrison) , we understand that, and we will continue to work with all staff in the NHS to make sure that we deliver on our commitment to reduce waiting lists, which were left at a shocking level by the previous Government.
I have a constituent who is suffering both financial and emotional distress as a result of these circumstances.
I wrote to the NHS Business Services Authority, and it took four months to get a response.
In written questions to the Government, I have asked how I might make representations about  my constituent being affected by financial distress.
The response that I received from Ministers simply said that NHSBSA has all the evidence that it needs, and there is no need for anyone to provide extra evidence.
There is a very real risk that some people who are affected by this are suffering financial distress but have not been identified by NHSBSA.
For those people, can the Minister please outline what mechanism we as Members can use to make those people known to NHSBSA, so that they can access their pension choice earlier?
I am sorry to hear about the emotional and financial distress of the hon.
Lady’s constituent.
If there is a gap, I am happy to go back to the NHSBSA on her behalf and make sure that I update the House.
Does the Minister have full confidence in the chair of the NHS Business Services Authority?
As I said in my statement, we have confidence in the business authority to undertake the actions that I have outlined.
I thank the Minister for her answers to the questions.
Waiting lists are clearly beyond the pale.
If the Government were able to address the remedial pension savings statement, we might be in better position to entice our doctors to take on additional hours.
Will the Minister confirm that this is a Government priority, and that there is an understanding that a functioning NHS requires straightforward paths to working overtime, and payment at every level?
One of our major priorities is ensuring that the entire NHS workforce are doing the work that they are trained and committed to do, so that they can get down those waiting lists and deliver an NHS that is fit for the future.