We continue to work strongly with Canada on many global issues.
What discussions he has had with his Israeli counterpart on that country's military presence in the west bank.
We are concerned at the expansion of the Government of Israel’s war aims and operations in the west bank.
I made clear my serious concerns on the continuing Israeli operations when I spoke to the Israeli Foreign Minister Gideon Sa’ar on  5 March , as the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , said, but also on  21 March .
We are clear that civilians must be protected and the destruction of civilian infrastructure minimised.
It emerged today that a 17-year-old Palestinian boy who had been taken from the west bank has died in Israeli detention, having been held for 6 months without charge.
Israel has been striking inside the west bank, and in doing so emboldening illegal settlers in their own violence.
Given that Israel claims that it is targeting Hamas and not the people of Palestine itself, what specific actions is the Foreign Secretary taking to protect Palestinians in the west bank from both settler violence and Israeli forces?
The hon.
Lady will know that we are giving considerable support to the Palestinian Authority in the west bank.
We are in regular contact with President Abbas and Prime Minister Mustafa in relation to the west bank.
She has heard our concerns about both the violence and the expansion that is taking place in the west bank.
In my conversations with Ministers, I have heard legitimate concerns about security on the Israeli side and the way that Iran, sitting behind the scenes, is equipping some terrorist groups with guns and ammunition.
We have to do our best to support Israel in standing up to that.
The Prime Minister’s commitment to host an international meeting this year in support of an international fund for Israeli-Palestinian peace has never been more timely.
Given the upcoming June summit in Paris in support of a two-state solution, can the Foreign Secretary provide for the House an update on progress towards meeting the Prime Minister’s pledge?
We are very grateful for the work that our French colleagues are doing in this regard, and we are working closely with them.
We are putting together a plan, and I hope that the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend the Member for Lincoln, will be able to update the House in the coming weeks.
What recent discussions he has had with his Armenian and Azerbaijani counterparts on peace negotiations between those two countries.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that important question.
The Foreign Secretary spoke with his Azerbaijani and Armenian counterparts on 19 and  21 March  respectively, and I have also been in contact with representatives of both countries.
We warmly welcome the progress made by both sides on concluding negotiations on the text of a peace agreement, and we urge them both to sign that agreement as soon as possible.
We encourage all sides to refrain from rhetoric or actions that undermine the prospects for peace.
This is clearly a critical time for peace in the region.
The offensive by Azerbaijan in Nagorno-Karabakh resulted in the forced displacement of up to 120,000 Armenians and the continued detention of 23 officials and civilians.
There is much concern about the conduct of the trials, their welfare and their access to legal support, so what more can the Minister do to put pressure on the Government of Azerbaijan to look for their release and to get access to the prisoners?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her important work on these issues.
The UK has consistently called for the release of all the remaining prisoners of war.