With the greatest of respect, the right hon.
Gentleman will know my record on these important issues, having advocated for them over many years in this place and outside.
I do not accept his characterisation.
Decisions have not yet been taken; they are being taken as part of the spending review.
He will know that the UK is one of the largest donors to Gavi.
We have committed £1.65 billion in the current strategic period up to 2025 and that will make an important impact on children’s lives around the world.
Gavi was created very much with the UK as a driving force.
It is one of the proudest achievements of the previous Labour Government.
It has immunised almost 2 billion people in the world, and not only is it saving lives but it is important for jobs and work here in the UK in our fantastic life sciences sector.
Will the Minister give a commitment that we will continue to be a leading force in Gavi at the replenishment in June?
The Foreign Secretary has been discussing these important issues with the Health and Social Care Secretary.
My hon.
Friend is right to point out the important role of Gavi, as well as our role in that.
The decisions will be set out in due course, but I hear what she and, indeed, other hon.
and right hon.
Members are saying on this important issue.
I call the shadow Minister.
It is very clear from Ministers’ answers that we still have no indication about which programmes and where will be affected by the planned reductions to ODA and from when exactly the cuts will be effective.
We are told to wait for the spending review, but many organisations, including those tackling infectious diseases, are left to face uncertainty and to work at risk.
Will the Minister tell us what instructions have been issued to his Department’s humanitarian aid programmes about what they are expected to do between now and the spending review in June?
We clearly have difficult decisions to make, but the FCDO is not pausing all ODA programming and not creating a cliff edge in this year.
We are focusing on ensuring that every pound will be spent in the most impactful way in the new context.
That is a very difficult decision, as the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and I have set out.
We will set out the details in due course, but we are listening closely to Members in this House and, indeed, to the many partners and stakeholders we work with on these important issues.
If he will amend the memorandum of understanding between Indonesia and the UK on a strategic partnership on critical minerals, published on 29 November 2024, to include conditions on the protection of human rights in West Papua.
The memorandum of understanding—as you are aware, Madam Deputy Speaker, having signed off on it in 2024—is an agreement to create a policy framework that promotes good environmental, social and governance practices in critical minerals, mining and processing.
I was able to visit Indonesia in January specifically to raise concerns about human rights in Papua with the senior Minister for human rights.[Official Report,  22 April 2025 ; Vol.
765, c. 7WC.] (
Correction)
In 2018, President Joko Widodo promised the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights that he would be allowed to visit West Papua.
No visit has yet been facilitated by Indonesia, although two High Commissioners have been and gone.
Without such a visit, it is impossible to assess the real human rights situation.
Will the Minister ensure that the UK does not engage in critical minerals extraction in West Papua before such a visit takes place?