It completely disregards parliamentary sovereignty.
At our last exchange, the Justice Secretary said there would be no two-tier justice on her watch.
Well, there it is—and it is worse than that.
On  2 January , her own Department—not the Sentencing Council—published guidance ordering the prioritisation of bail for ethnic minorities and transgender people, continuing a practice introduced under Gordon Brown.
Contrary to the misinformation peddled by her press office, the Department produced new guidance on pre-sentencing reports that have been in force for months, which state that probation officers should consider the “culture” of an offender and whether they have suffered “intergenerational trauma” from “historical events”.
Well, that is cultural relativism, which violates the rule of law and puts the British public at risk.
This time, nobody is to blame other than her.
It is her Department; it is black and white; it is two-tier justice.
I have some questions.
Will the Justice Secretary reassure the House that nobody was sentenced this morning under guidelines that she concedes are two tier?
Can she honestly say at the Dispatch Box that she has confidence in the head of the Sentencing Council, Lord Justice Davies, given that he has brought it into  total disrepute—yes or no?
If she can, is she aware that he took to the airwaves yesterday, in an astonishing departure from the expected standards of judicial conduct, to advocate for abolishing short sentences, especially for hyper-prolific offenders, effectively instructing lower courts to follow suit?
It is time for him to go, and if she will not sack him for that, what will it take?
Does the Justice Secretary have confidence in Johanna Robinson, another member of the Sentencing Council, who took a moral objection to border control and described the Illegal Migration Act 2023 as appalling?
Lastly, will the Justice Secretary change the guidance that her own Department is producing and which has created a two-tier Probation Service?
Or is it, once again on her watch, two-tier justice under two-tier Keir?
The Clerk at the Table having informed the House of the unavoidable absence of the Speaker, the Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No.
3 ).
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of the Syrian constitutional declaration, signed on 13 March 2025.
We welcome the provisions made in the constitutional declaration on freedom of expression, freedom of belief and women’s rights.
We also welcome the announcement on the formation of the new Syrian Government.
The UK stands ready to support an inclusive, stable and prosperous future for the people of Syria.
We will continue to encourage inclusive governance and will work with the Syrian Government to that end.
I thank the Foreign Secretary for that reply.
The fall of Assad was rightly welcomed by all Members of this House, but reports of mass killings of Christians and Alawites, which have now resulted in more than 1,500 civilian deaths, show that Syria is still a very unstable country.
Will the Secretary of State therefore outline what support is being given to the new Syrian Government to prevent further violence and another appalling refugee crisis?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that we are following steps closely.
The Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , will be meeting civil society groups today.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Leeds North East (Fabian Hamilton)  will know that we have allocated £160 million to support recovery and stability through lifesaving and other such assistance.
Clearly, the recent violence was incredibly horrific and alarming.
We will continue to work with the new Government as best we can to ensure that we get the inclusive political transition that we all want to see.
The Foreign Secretary will know that this is a five-year draft constitution.