Lady should know that, with EU colleagues yesterday, at the G7 a few weeks ago and, I am sure, with colleagues as I head to NATO, we are discussing an oil cap in particular and how that would limit Putin’s reserves.
We continue to discuss not just the freezing of assets but the seizing of assets.
We recognise that some European colleagues are more exposed than we in the UK are.
Nevertheless, why should we use taxpayers’ money?
We should use Russian money that has caused so much damage in Ukraine.
Of course, we continue to look at the arsenal of sanctions that we can use, and I am sure that I will have more to say on that in the coming weeks.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Of all the horrors that Vladimir Putin has inflicted on Ukraine, the abduction of more than 20,000 Ukrainian children is one of the most vile.
It threatens to rob Ukraine of its future, which is surely Putin’s ultimate goal.
The Prime Minister praised the work of Kyiv’s Bring Kids Back initiative last week.
Will the Foreign Secretary now commit to the UK filling the funding gap left by the Trump Administration’s withdrawal of funding for Yale’s humanitarian research lab, so that it can continue to research Russia’s war crimes, especially to track the whereabouts of these children, so that they can be brought back home?
It was important for me to meet Madam Zelensky to discuss this issue when I was last in Ukraine.
The Minister of State, Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty) , also met the relevant Minister in Ukraine to discuss this issue just a few days ago.
I can absolutely give an undertaking to continue to support the group.
It is not our assessment that we can meet the shortfall left by the withdrawal of USAID—United States Agency for International Development—funding, but we will continue to work with partners across Europe on this important issue, which is very personal to me.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help ensure that Israel allows aid into Gaza.
Aid should never be used as a political tool.
As the Foreign Secretary made clear to the House on  20 March , blocking humanitarian aid into Gaza is appalling and unacceptable.
Israel must allow aid into Gaza immediately.
The Foreign Secretary made that clear to Israeli Foreign Minister Sa’ar on  21 March  and issued a joint statement with his French and German counterparts on  5 March .
Gaza is the deadliest place in the world to be an aid worker.
More than 400 aid workers have been killed in the conflict.
Restoring the ceasefire remains the best chance to see hostages released, allow a surge of humanitarian aid and bring this bloodshed to an end.
It is clear from the Chamber this morning that we all despair at the recent breakdown of the ceasefire agreement, the resumption of hostilities  and the blockade of aid into Gaza.
We now have warnings of an unprecedented humanitarian disaster in the Gaza strip, which is hard to imagine after what we have already seen there.
The Minister mentioned the conversations that have been had with Israel.
First, can he assure me that we are making it clear that the only way we will achieve a lasting peace is through a two-state solution, which will not achieved by subjecting people to such hardship?
Secondly, what conversations are ongoing with allies about restoring aid drops directly into Gaza?
I can confirm that we say regularly to our Israeli counterparts, and indeed to all others in the region, that the only route out of these horrors is a two-state solution, an outcome that provides for the safety, security and dignity of both peoples.