I ask the Foreign Secretary again: what are the remaining barriers to seizing those assets, and what concrete steps is he taking to ensure that he can bring our allies with us?
I am very grateful to my right hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
It is a complex issue, and one on which it is best to act in concert with our closest allies, recognising that allies in Belgium, Germany and other countries in Europe are more exposed than we are.
We continue to work at pace with our allies.
This was an item I discussed yesterday in Madrid with the Weimar+ group, particularly with our Polish, French and Spanish colleagues, and I am sure it will be an item discussed at the NATO Foreign Ministers meeting later this week.
In the light of the Prime Minister’s announcement of the impending official development assistance cuts, how will the UK Government be a global leader on water security and climate-affected communities, to adapt and build WASH—water, sanitation and hygiene—systems that are resilient to climate change?
I thank the hon.
Member for pointing out the importance of those issues; he knows the UK has a strong record on them.
Obviously, all decisions on future ODA spending will be discussed as part of the ongoing resource allocations in the spending review, but I note what he says.
I call the Chair of the International Development Committee.
On  23 March  in Gaza, eight medics in the Palestinian Red Crescent, five responders from the civil defence and a UN staff member were killed by the IDF while responding to casualties.
Their bodies have been returned today.
International humanitarian law is clear: medical personnel, ambulances, humanitarian relief workers and civil defence organisations must be respected and protected.
International humanitarian law is not something for debate.
The Foreign Secretary understands the importance of upholding the law and holding to account all who breach it, including our friends, so why is Israel seemingly allowed to act with impunity when it comes to the protection of medics, humanitarian workers and civilians?
On this day, the one-year anniversary of the World Central Kitchen incident, I want to be clear that nobody has impunity and that we expect full legal processes to be followed, including in Israel.
The Foreign Secretary and I have both spoken about the important  role the Military Advocate General will play in that.
On my hon.
Friend’s wider question, it is clearly deeply problematic that deconfliction does not exist in Gaza and that aid workers continue to be in such peril, as she described.
We will continue to use all methods at our disposal to try to improve the situation.
On  17 March , the Foreign Secretary told the House that there had been
“a breach of international law”
by Israel in blockading aid getting into Gaza.—[Official Report,  17 March 2025 ; Vol.
764, c. 41.]
If he takes international law seriously, will he tell us what sanctions are in place as a result of that?
We have announced to this House a series of sanctions in relation to the risk of breaches in relation to the attacks on aid workers, which I have covered a number of times in this session. [
Interruption.]
I am sure the Minister can follow up in writing.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
After much chasing in October last year, the Foreign Secretary committed to give oral evidence to my International Development Committee early in the new year.
He has not done so to date and we do not have a date in the diary, despite repeated requests from my Committee team.
Can you advise me on how I can encourage the Foreign Secretary to give evidence?
Much is going on in the world that we need to discuss.
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for giving notice of her point of order.