I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
I condemn categorically the development of settlements that are illegal under international law.
Settlements do not offer security to Israel or to Palestinians.
I also condemn calls to annex the west bank, which would lead only to violence and jeopardise prospects for a Palestinian state.
I am clear with Israeli counterparts that settlement expansion must stop.
We will continue to work with our partners to ensure prospects for a Palestinian state.
We have heard Secretary of State after Secretary of State condemn the increase in settlements and settler violence in the west bank over the last 30 or 40 years and it has made not the slightest bit of difference to their expansion.
When will the Foreign Secretary accept that the only  thing that the Israelis will respond to—we should not forget that these settlements are sponsored by the Israeli state—is action?
When can we expect more sanctions, particularly on violent settlers and their organisations?
When can we expect a full trade ban on settlement produce?
In particular, will the Secretary of State consider proscribing those settler organisations that are perpetrating terrorism on an innocent Palestinian population?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman.
It is important that there is a cross-party position, and successive Ministers of both political parties have condemned expansion and condemned violence.
We continue to work with partners across Europe and beyond on these issues.
I do not say that it is easy.
He will know that I announced sanctions back in October, and we continue to keep these issues under review, but the culture of impunity for those engaged in violence is intolerable.
I remember just a few months ago sitting with Bedouins who had experienced that violence and were being subjected to that expansion—it is horrendous.
That is why in both the UN and our dialogue with the Israeli Government we are clear that that harms the prospects of peace and security for Israel; it does not further its ambitions.
The scenes coming out of Palestine recently have been nothing short of shocking.
Hundreds have been killed in settler violence in the west bank, the brutal torture of Palestinians in Israeli custody is commonplace and the collapse of the ceasefire means that the devastation and human suffering in Gaza has simply continued.
Will the Secretary of State confirm whether his Department has received any evidence showing that international law has been violated?
Will he share such evidence and his assessment openly?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this issue.
She will know that, in a sober and measured way, the Government had to make our own decision on the exports licensing regime, which was put in place by the last Government, and we assessed that there was a clear risk of a breach of international humanitarian law.
Therefore, we have suspended arms that could be used in Gaza.
That is a decision that Ministers have made from this Dispatch Box under different Governments.
Earlier this year, I visited the west bank with colleagues in the Chamber as part of a parliamentary delegation, where I saw the awful Israeli illegal violence in Hebron and Susya.
We ran into two Israeli settlers who clearly wanted us off the area that they had burned down.
Will the Foreign Secretary go further than he has in condemning that violence by agreeing to full sanctions and an embargo on all Israeli illegal settlements?
Owing to the position of the City of London, that could have a profound impact and stop the violence.
I should make it clear that settlement goods do not benefit from any free trade arrangements that we have with Israel.
Obviously, on  15 October , I announced new sanctions targeting three illegal settler outposts and four organisations that have supported the sponsored violence against communities in the west bank.