Will he share that information with the House?
The hon.
Gentleman must have missed the letter that the Home Secretary and I, quite properly, wrote to the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government, who, acting in her quasi-judicial capacity, has a decision to make.
We were clear about the fact that security interests are paramount, and we made our views very plain so that they could be considered.
Last Monday, 24 March, another two journalists were killed in Gaza.
More than 200 journalists have been killed there since 7 October 2023.
In addition, last week saw the arrests of both BBC and Swedish journalists, as well as many local journalists covering the unrest in Turkey.
What are the Government doing to protect the role of journalists—regardless of nationality—who are showcasing what is going on in conflict zones?
Whether in Gaza, Turkey or elsewhere, it is essential for journalists to be able to do their job.
We are incredibly proud of the BBC and all the other UK outlets overseas that play a vital role in holding power to account, and we will continue to support them.
Fifty-nine Israeli hostages are being held by Hamas in Gaza, having been kidnapped in the Hamas terrorist attack of 7 October 2023.
Only 24 are thought to be still alive, and we know from released hostages that they have been starved and tortured, chained in tunnels.
They have not seen sunlight for 543 days.
What are the UK Government doing to bring them home?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising this important issue.
All those hostages need to come home, which is why we need to get back to the ceasefire and why we must continue to stand with hostage families.
Let me reassure the hon.
Lady: I spoke to the United States envoy, Steve Witkoff, on Friday evening to obtain an update on the conversations that are taking place, and Egypt and Qatar are playing an important role in getting back to that ceasefire and getting Hamas to do what they should do.
It was interesting to see Palestinians taking to the streets to campaign against Hamas and the way in which that they are holding the Palestinian people ransom at this time.
HIV/AIDS has killed 40 million people across the world and remains a major threat to public health, but over the weekend the House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority account posted a gloating, sickening tweet including an image of the coffin representing the closure of USAID, which, according to experts, will lead to a tenfold increase in the number of deaths from HIV/AIDS.
Will the Minister reaffirm that notwithstanding the recklessness of the Trump Administration, this Government remain committed to working to end AIDS as a public health threat by 2030?
Obviously, USAID is a matter for the US Government.
However, I absolutely assure my hon.
Friend that we are committed to the 2030 target.
He will know, from my long time campaigning on these issues, of the importance that I, and indeed the Foreign Secretary, place on this issue.
When it comes to global public health, we know that nobody wins unless everybody wins, and that an infectious disease elsewhere on the planet can affect us here as well.
What steps is the Department taking to secure funding for overseas development projects involving diseases that will specifically be a risk to the UK, including in relation to antimicrobial resistance?
The hon.
Gentleman makes important points.
He will know that we make important contributions to the Global Fund and other bodies on global health.
We remain committed to global health as part of our development spending, even despite the difficult decisions we are having to make, and I hear what he has to say.