We regret that, at this point, we are still in disagreement with the Israeli Government, and we regret the scenes of the last few weeks in relation to the west bank and to Gaza.
In relation to settlement goods, as the Foreign Secretary said earlier and as I have said before, different provisions exist for illegal settlements, which we consider to be illegal and which do not benefit from any of the provisions that would otherwise cover goods from Israel.
Over the past week, I have been in touch with medical colleagues on the ground in Gaza and also with representatives of hostage families in Israel.
In Gaza, they corroborate the worrying UN reports of a shallow grave containing the bodies of 15 paramedics and rescue workers, seemingly shot one by one by the Israeli army, some of them still wearing the surgical gloves that they were using to save the lives of others.
In Israel, hostage families feel increasingly distant from their own Government and abandoned by them.
Hamas is a terrorist organisation, but Israel is an ally.
As a critical friend and ally, what further steps can we take to reinforce our message that the Israeli Government’s current trajectory is destructive for peace and, indeed, for their own interests?
My hon.
Friend is right to ask this question.
I know that he, himself a surgeon, has been closely engaged with the medical situation in Gaza and the incredible bravery of those who provide that assistance.
As I said in answer to  the hon.
Member for North Herefordshire (Ellie Chowns) , the scenes in Gaza in relation to aid workers and, of course, the Gazan civilians themselves are absolutely horrific.
It is why with France we called a special session of the UN Security Council on Friday, and we will continue to press with all diplomatic levers to see an improvement.
What assessment have the Government made of reports that Iran is considering pre-emptive strikes against American B-2 Spirit bombers that have recently been forward-located in Diego Garcia?
As the House will understand, I will not provide a detailed commentary on that reporting, but we remain deeply conscious of the potential threats from Iran, both in this country and in the region.
We continue to have dialogue with the Iranian Government—the Foreign Secretary spoke to his equivalent just last week.
We treat these matters with the utmost seriousness, as the right hon.
Member would expect.
Like many, I was extremely alarmed to hear the Israeli Defence Minister, Israel Katz, threaten the “total destruction” of Gaza.
The UK and its allies are committed to a two-state solution, but that only works if there is a state left standing for Palestinians.
Will that Minister ever be sanctioned, and will our Minister set out what role he sees the UK playing in the long-term reconstruction of Gaza?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question; I know how attentive to these issues she has been.
The Foreign Secretary has condemned in this Chamber the comments of Defence Minister Katz, and this Government are clear what the path to reconstruction in Gaza must be.
We have engaged closely with our partners in the Arab world, we welcome their plan for reconstructing Gaza, and we will continue to do all we can to see that as the path to reconstruction, with dignity for the Palestinian people of Gaza.
Today is the anniversary of the killing of the 33-year-old ex-Royal Marine James Henderson, who was killed by the Israelis among seven aid workers with the World Central Kitchen.
A year later, as  the hon.
Member for Glasgow South West (Dr Ahmed)  has mentioned, mass graves have been found with eight bodies of those who worked for the Red Crescent and the Red Cross.
That comes two weeks after eight aid workers from the Al-Khair Foundation were killed.
It is believed that 1,500 aid workers have been killed.