First, can he assure me that we are making it clear that the only way we will achieve a lasting peace is through a two-state solution, which will not achieved by subjecting people to such hardship?
Secondly, what conversations are ongoing with allies about restoring aid drops directly into Gaza?
I can confirm that we say regularly to our Israeli counterparts, and indeed to all others in the region, that the only route out of these horrors is a two-state solution, an outcome that provides for the safety, security and dignity of both peoples.
We are talking with our partners about what might be done to try to ensure aid gets into Gaza through whatever means are at our disposal, but at the core, Israel must relax the restrictions and allow aid into Gaza.
That is the way to get the scale of aid that is required into the strip.
During the ceasefire, we saw a massive increase in aid, and that is what we want to do.
With continued aerial bombardments impacting the flow of aid into Gaza, will the Foreign Secretary confirm whether UK-made F-35 parts have been used to enable air strikes in Gaza since  18 March ?
To clarify my previous answer, the Foreign Secretary spoke to Foreign Minister Sa’ar on  5 March , not  21 March .
In response to the question asked by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Alloa and Grangemouth (Brian Leishman) , we will continue to press these issues with the Israeli Government.
It is clear to the House that we have not succeeded, over these long months, in ensuring the level of aid into Gaza that we would like to see, or had the protections for humanitarian workers that we want to see.
Deconfliction, with humanitarian aid workers, is a vital part of ensuring their security, and we are pressing the Israelis to do so.
What steps he is taking to increase the understanding of and respect for the right to self-determination globally.
The United Kingdom is committed to promoting and protecting human rights and the rule of law, and the right to self-determination is set out in the international covenant on civil and political rights.
Some 700,000 people in Washington DC are currently disenfranchised because their representatives in the Senate and the House of Representatives do not have voting rights or full control of local government affairs.
It is the equivalent of everyone in Bedfordshire voting for MPs who have no chance of going through the voting Lobby.
Does the Minister agree that that is a particularly strange anomaly?
This is not a matter for us.
The United States is a sovereign, democratic nation, and the issue of voting rights in the District of Columbia is a matter for the United States.
In the interests of self-determination, will the Foreign Secretary take the earliest opportunity to remind his opposite number in the United States that Canada has chosen to be a member state of the Commonwealth, that the Head of the Commonwealth and the Head of State of Canada is His Majesty King Charles, and that there is no prospect whatsoever of Canada being annexed by the United States?
Canada is a strong friend and Commonwealth ally.
It is a NATO ally and a fellow G7 member.
I have strong ties with Canada myself, as the right hon.
Gentleman might know.
I was delighted to reiterate our friendship when I met my ministerial counterpart the other week; Prime Minister Carney, the new Canadian Prime Minister, was welcomed by the Prime Minister; and in recent weeks, the Foreign Secretary has been meeting with his counterpart.
We continue to work strongly with Canada on many global issues.
What discussions he has had with his Israeli counterpart on that country's military presence in the west bank.
We are concerned at the expansion of the Government of Israel’s war aims and operations in the west bank.