Owing to the position of the City of London, that could have a profound impact and stop the violence.
I should make it clear that settlement goods do not benefit from any free trade arrangements that we have with Israel.
Obviously, on  15 October , I announced new sanctions targeting three illegal settler outposts and four organisations that have supported the sponsored violence against communities in the west bank.
What assessment he has made of the value for money of official development assistance spending on in-donor refugee costs.
The Government are tackling the asylum backlog at record pace so that we can work towards ending the use of hotels and ensure that more of our ODA budget is spent on our development priorities globally.
Detailed decisions on how the ODA budget will be allocated are being worked through as part of the ongoing spending review.
The British public increasingly feel that development aid has sadly lost its clarity of purpose.
While I accept that there are multiple objectives behind aid, and that of course lifting the world’s poorest out of poverty has long been at the heart of the FCDO’s mission, a reset in the social contract around development aid is clearly needed.
What consideration has the Minister given to shaping development policy that explicitly addresses the upstream determinants of mass migration?
I agree with much of what my hon.
Friend has said.
Our development efforts, as the Foreign Secretary has said, have never just been about the aid budget.
Peace and security, effective governance, access to private investment, remittance flows, efficient tax systems and access to trade opportunities are all essential foundations for development.
That requires us to mobilise the full force of different resources and expertise across Government, our businesses and in universities, science and beyond.
Does the Minister agree that rather than being used to meet in-donor refugee costs, the official development assistance budget should prioritise tackling extreme poverty?
It is now a year since the OECD development assistance committee’s mid-term review, which showed that the UK had only made good progress on two of the 10 recommendations since the 2020 peer review.
What progress has the FCDO made over the last 12 months in better meeting the committee’s guidance?
The hon.
Lady asks about important matters around spending on in-donor refugee costs.
Thanks to the measures taken by the Home Secretary to reduce the asylum backlog and work towards exiting costly asylum hotels, we expect overall ODA spending on asylum to have been lower in 2024 than in 2023.
There will always be some unpredictability, but we expect the actions to continue reducing in-donor refugee costs in this Parliament.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of planned reductions to the official development assistance budget on efforts to tackle infectious diseases.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.
Decisions on how ODA will be used will be considered as part of the  ongoing spending review.
Reducing the overall size of the budget will necessarily have an impact on the scale and shape of our work.
I can say, however, that our important work and support for Gavi is immunising 300 million children and saving up to 8 million lives, and our £1 billion pledge to the Global Fund for 2023-25 is supporting prevention and treatment for HIV, tuberculosis and malaria, and will help to save over 1 million lives.
I agree with the Minister on what he just said, but Gavi says that the changing policy will mean that 37.9 million fewer children will be immunised, which means that over five years, 600,000 will die.
How on earth does he live with himself with that policy?
With the greatest of respect, the right hon.
Gentleman will know my record on these important issues, having advocated for them over many years in this place and outside.
I do not accept his characterisation.