Clearly, the recent violence was incredibly horrific and alarming.
We will continue to work with the new Government as best we can to ensure that we get the inclusive political transition that we all want to see.
The Foreign Secretary will know that this is a five-year draft constitution.
Does he share my concern that the legislative, Executive and judicial separation of powers in it need to be beefed up?
The appointment of the new Government appears, prima facie, to be inclusive, but does he agree that the people’s committee also needs to be inclusive given that it will be mostly appointed by the President?
Clearly, it is welcome that the new Government have moved in this direction.
I reassure the right hon.
Gentleman that we recognise our skills in governance and in working with allies and partners, and we will use that strength to help to support the new Government.
We are aware of his concerns and we will work with the new Government to get that better separation that he wants.
Whether any costs arising from the proposed treaty with Mauritius on the sovereignty of the Chagos Islands will be met by his Department.
The UK-Mauritius treaty, which enables the continued operation of the base on Diego Garcia, is still subject to finalisation and signature.
Financial obligations arising from the agreement, including departmental budgetary responsibilities, will be managed responsibly within the Government’s fiscal framework, including through the upcoming spending review.
Oh dear, Madam Deputy Speaker, that is not the answer to the question that I asked.
Perhaps the Minister has brought the wrong file with him.
My question was very simple and it is one to which the British people deserve an answer.
The Government are planning to give away sovereign British territory along with billions of pounds to Mauritius.
The money was not referred to in the spring statement or in the Budget.
Where is it coming from?
I have answered questions on that matter a number of times in this House.
This Government will not scrimp on security.
The base on Diego Garcia will be secured for ourselves and our allies.
Protecting the British people and our allies is our No.
1 priority, and full details will be provided in due course.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Government have finally admitted to front-loading payments to Mauritius for their surrender deal, caving in to Prime Minister Ramgoolam’s demands since he took office in November.
Yet they still refuse to disclose the amount or clarify which budgets will cover the lease, economic partnership and Chagossian trust fund.
Why the secrecy?
Will the Minister disclose the details now?
Will he also confirm whether the statement from the Prime Minister of Mauritius is correct in saying that concessions have been made, including the loss of sovereign rights on Diego Garcia and of unilateral lease renewal provisions?
When will this horrific deal finally come to Parliament, and what time will be provided to debate it?
Or, better still, why does the Minister not dump the deal completely and keep Chagos British?
The hon.
Member neglects to remind the House that it was his Government who started negotiations on this matter, because they recognised that our national security interests and those of our allies were under threat.
A financial element was crucial to protecting the operation of that crucial base.
Once the treaty is signed, and after ratification in the usual way, it will be put before both Houses for scrutiny, and it will of course include costs.
The Government will not scrimp on our security.
Protecting the British people is our No.
1 priority.
What steps he is taking with the Chancellor of the Exchequer to provide funding for urgent repairs to his Department’s overseas estates.
The UK’s diplomatic estate directly supports the delivery of this Government’s missions.