1 priority.
What steps he is taking with the Chancellor of the Exchequer to provide funding for urgent repairs to his Department’s overseas estates.
The UK’s diplomatic estate directly supports the delivery of this Government’s missions.
Maintenance of the diplomatic estate, with an emphasis on safety and security for staff and visitors, has been a core priority for the Department during ongoing discussions with the Treasury about the spending review.
The maintenance and upkeep of the 6,000 properties that constitute the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office’s overseas estate is estimated to cost £250 million a year.
In recent years, that has been funded through the sale of assets.
Drawdown on the receipts of those sales is due to run out either this year or next, and the Department has previously made it clear that there is no more family silver to sell.
My question to the Minister is this: what conversations have been had with the Treasury about a long-term sustainable funding model for the estate, and if the Treasury is not forthcoming with the money, what cuts does the Department intend to make?
After the fire sale of assets by the former Government in 2010, the FCDO has been focusing on how to make good its estate.
Now that that money is exhausted, the FCDO has developed a new estates prioritisation tool to ensure that finite resources are targeted at places of greatest need and weighted towards mitigating health and safety and security risks.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the UK’s contribution to the European Union Force Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The European Union Force in Bosnia and Herzegovina is key to maintaining peace and security there.
Although the UK does not contribute to the mission, we are committed to supporting Bosnia and Herzegovina through NATO and our bilateral defence co-operation, and we are open  to exploring enhanced co-operation with the EU, including through operations and missions as we strengthen the UK-EU security and defence relationship, including in the western Balkans.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
He will be aware that the Conservative Government previously withdrew from the EUFOR peacekeeping force—Operation Althea—in 2020, following their botched Brexit deal, letting our allies down.
Will the Minister consider recommitting British troops to Operation Althea, as other third countries have, such as Turkey, to show our European allies that we want to work together and to demonstrate our continued focus on the region?
I think the hon.
Member heard what I said a moment ago.
We regularly engage with EUFOR and the EU delegation in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Indeed, I co-convened a call with Quint members and EU institutions on Friday with my French counterpart, and we are working closely on these very serious matters.
We are also supporting security in Bosnia through our bilateral contributions, including our staff officers in the NATO HQ in Sarajevo.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of Israeli settlements in the west bank.
Israeli settlements are illegal under international law and harm the prospects of a two-state solution.
On  21 March , the UN Security Council made clear that we oppose any attempt to expand settlements in the west bank.
I have been very clear with Israeli Ministers that they must clamp down on settler violence and end settler expansion.
On Saturday night, the Israeli Government announced the approval of an expanded road network in the E1 corridor of the west bank with the stated aim of supporting the development of illegal Israeli settlements in the area.
That area is critical to the territorial integrity of a future Palestinian state.
Previously, unified international pressure has restrained the Israeli Government, so can the Foreign Secretary say how the Government are working with their allies to exert maximum influence on Israel in this matter?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
I condemn categorically the development of settlements that are illegal under international law.