Gentleman makes important points.
He will know that we make important contributions to the Global Fund and other bodies on global health.
We remain committed to global health as part of our development spending, even despite the difficult decisions we are having to make, and I hear what he has to say.
More than half the countries that have submitted UN biodiversity plans have not yet released plans for how they will protect 30% of land and sea for nature, despite agreeing to do so at COP15.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure more countries develop plans to protect at least 30% of land and sea?
The Government remain strongly committed to tackling the international climate and nature crises.
The UK played a key role at the COP16 biodiversity conference, and we are working closely with a wide range of partners to build global ambition on nature ahead of London Climate Action Week in June and COP30 in Brazil.
In February, the Foreign Secretary rightly criticised America’s aid cuts.
Two weeks later, he was humiliated by his own Prime Minister when his departmental budget was smashed to bits.
What is he doing to re-establish his and his Department’s credibility on the world stage, so we can once again have genuine influence internationally?
I say to the right hon.
Gentleman that this Government have not made an ideological decision to cut aid, and he knows that.
There are other Governments around the world making ideological decisions to cut aid.
This Government did not make the decision that the last Government made to switch off aid overnight.
We are ensuring that there are no cliff edges.
He will know—and I know he knows this—that investing in hard power also saves lives and acts as a deterrence in our own country and across much of the world.
Last week, BBC reporter Mark Lowen was arrested and deported from Turkey after covering the ongoing protest movement, as part of a broader crackdown on journalists.
This followed the arrest of President Erdoğan’s leading political rival.
Will the Foreign Secretary commit to conveying the concerns of this House to his Turkish counterpart at the earliest opportunity?
The UK is a staunch supporter of democracy, the rule of law and media freedom.
The Government have raised recent events in Turkey with our counterparts at a number of levels.
Most recently, on  29 March  I spoke to my Turkish counterpart, Hakan Fidan, to raise our expectation that Turkey upholds its international commitments and the rule of law, and that it protects the fundamental rights to free speech, peaceful assembly and media freedom, including in the treatment of British journalists reporting there.
Are the British Government going to act, as the French and American Governments have done, to support Morocco’s autonomy plan for Western Sahara?
We continue to have discussions with our Moroccan friends.
This is a complex issue.
The position remains the position we had under the last Government.
Of course, we keep that under review as we continue to discuss these issues in the region.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
The Foreign Secretary has said repeatedly that the UK should move from freezing to seizing Russian state assets, although I am still waiting to hear what proportion of those are in the UK.
Meanwhile, €300 billion sits in the EU.
When peace eventually comes, the rebuilding of Ukraine will need to be paid for by the Russians, so those frozen billions will be key.
When I was at a security conference in Poland last week, everyone seemed to agree that these assets need to be seized.
I ask the Foreign Secretary again: what are the remaining barriers to seizing those assets, and what concrete steps is he taking to ensure that he can bring our allies with us?
I am very grateful to my right hon.
Friend for raising this issue.