That is one crucial reason we have worked closely with Mauritius, the United States and other allies and partners, including India, to protect our base on Diego Garcia.
It is a sell-out.
I can hear the chuntering from the shadow Minister, but it is simply not correct—we are protecting Diego Garcia, our interests there and our national security.
I am afraid that I simply do not accept what he is saying, and of course, if there was not a problem, why did his Government start the negotiations in the first place?
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Yesterday in Madrid, I discussed with counterparts strengthening Ukraine’s hand.
With Mr Speaker in Kyiv yesterday, the House is united on Ukraine.
One year on from the appalling Israel Defence Forces strike on the World Central Kitchen convoy that killed James Kirby, John Chapman and James Henderson, I am sure that the whole House mourns their loss and calls for accountability.
We will keep demanding protection for all civilians and aid workers in Gaza, and will strive to restore the ceasefire, free hostages and end the war.
Research published by UNICEF shows that last time the overseas aid budget was cut, support for children—for their education and nutrition—was cut the deepest.
Will the Foreign Secretary give assurances to this House that this time, children will not bear the brunt of his cuts, and will he commit to protect child-focused development programmes?
The last time that the development budget was cut, it was cut overnight.
The Government abolished the Department for International Development, leading to terrible cliff edges and badly damaging our reputation in the world.
We are not throwing the money that we have had to withdraw from development into a black hole, as the last Government did; we are investing in hard power.
The hon.
Lady will recognise that the war in Ukraine has cost the continent of Africa upwards of £7 billion.
For that reason, it is important that we invest in hard power and diplomacy, and that we continue to invest in development.
We will still be the sixth biggest development partner.
The  co-operative movement has a long and proud history of helping to rebuild local economies post-conflict.
In this UN International Year of Co-Operatives, will the Minister agree to meet me and representatives of the co-operative movement to discuss the ways in which Governments can promote co-operation as a solution on the global stage?
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend and his colleagues, not least as a Co-operative MP.
I have seen the important work that co-operatives do around the world, and we continue to support them, including by funding the global agriculture and food security programme, which has a dedicated support facility for smallholder producer organisations.
We regularly meet those who are involved in co-operative solutions on a range of matters, so I would be delighted to discuss those matters with my hon.
Friend and other colleagues.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
Last month, the Foreign Secretary gave a speech on trade, but could not explain how much growth would follow the measures he announced, if any.
What role is the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office actually playing in supporting the trade negotiations with the United States?
What discussions has the Foreign Secretary personally undertaken about the trade agreement, and can he confirm that this will be the comprehensive trade deal that the Conservative Government were negotiating?
No, because the Conservative Government badly failed in their negotiations with the US.
We are engaged in intense conversations at this time to strike an economic agreement, and we are also continuing discussions with our Indian counterparts about a trade deal and with the Gulf, picking up from the last Government’s failure to land the trade deals that will deliver growth to this country.