We are making improvements to the NHS every day.
The Darzi report reported not only the breadth but the depth of the decline that we inherited.
We are resolving that, and fixing the fundamentals of the NHS.
I thank the Minister for coming to the House and giving her response.
We all know the issues she is talking about when she mentions the state of the NHS that we inherited, and I echo that with the issues I hear about from patients and staff at Princess Alexandra hospital in Harlow.
On pensions, can she outline what the Government have done to mitigate the delays in the process?
It is important that people have confidence in the pension system.
That is why we took action in July on coming into office to understand the depth of the problems that occurred under the previous Government.
This is a complicated issue, which is why we want to be clear with people that there will be no financial detriment to them.
We will continue to work with employers and trade unions to ensure that the issue is resolved as quickly as possible, in line with the timelines I have outlined.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The delays will be deeply worrying and will make financial planning very difficult for those affected, all of whom are people who have dedicated their working lives to supporting the NHS and tirelessly saving lives.
NHS workers and their families are being left in the dark by Government delays and may as a result miss out on using their full allowances, which is unacceptable—they deserve better.
The revised delivery plan prioritises members based on their likelihood of facing financial detriment, so clearly some financial detriment is expected for those who are impacted.
Can the Minister estimate what the likely financial detriment is of missing the statutory deadline, or how much compensation, as she just mentioned, is likely to be paid?
Can she tell us why the NHS Business Services Authority has failed to meet the deadlines?
In response to a written question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for St Albans (Daisy Cooper) , the Minister said that there are 112 people working on it.
Will she confirm whether that is likely to be sufficient to ensure that future deadlines are met?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question.
I do not have to hand the exact number of people working on this, but I will make sure that I respond to her on that point in writing.
We are ensuring that individuals do not face detriment as a result of these delays.
The NHS cost claim back compensation scheme provides resources for direct financial losses incurred by the NHS pension scheme members impacted by the McCloud remedy, including professional service fees and certain HMRC interest charges that may arise, as I outlined in my statement.
HMRC has also confirmed that self-assessment late filing penalties will be waived on appeal in certain circumstances where a member receives a delayed pension savings statement as a consequence of the implementation of the McCloud remedy.
Does the Minister agree that it is important that the affected members receive those statements to allow informed decision making?
The Government have worked to minimise financial detriment to those affected, but this issue is part of the mess we have been clearing up.
We have had record investments into pharmacies and more GPs, and we have cut waiting lists and stopped the junior doctors’ strikes.
We are on the road to recovery.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we are on the road to recovery—and that, of course, is what the Opposition cannot stand.
This is a complicated issue, as they well know.
As I said, we inherited this complication in July, when we were made well aware of it.