Member for Glasgow South West (Dr Ahmed)  has mentioned, mass graves have been found with eight bodies of those who worked for the Red Crescent and the Red Cross.
That comes two weeks after eight aid workers from the Al-Khair Foundation were killed.
It is believed that 1,500 aid workers have been killed.
Does the Minister believe that it is illegal under international law to kill aid workers and, if so, what is he prepared to do about it?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for giving me the opportunity to comment.
Today is indeed the one-year anniversary of the appalling strike on the World Central Kitchen convoy, which killed seven people, including British citizens John Chapman, James Henderson and James Kirby.
I would like to pay tribute to their bravery and remember again the appalling tragedy of that day.
I, alongside the Foreign Secretary, met their families in November.
They are determined to see justice for their family members, and I know that the whole Chamber will be united in that determination.
Israel’s Military Advocate General must quickly and thoroughly conclude their consideration of the strike, including determining whether criminal proceedings should be initiated.
As the hon.
Gentleman has said, Gaza is now the most dangerous place in the world to be an aid worker.
This cannot continue.
As others have said, today is the anniversary of the deaths of James Kirby, John Chapman and James Henderson—three former servicemen.
We further heard about the 15 aid workers who were killed last week.
UN Under-Secretary-General Tom Fletcher has described them as having been killed one by one and buried in shallow graves alongside their clearly marked ambulances, fire trucks and UN vehicles.
I thank the Government for calling a UN Security Council meeting on the protection of aid workers.
Will the Minister update us on the outcome of that meeting and the further steps we will take to protect aid workers in Gaza?
The meeting on Friday considered those questions.
There was agreement across the Security Council on the importance of preserving the space for humanitarian action.
As I have said this morning, we regret deeply that there have not yet been further improvements, and we will continue to use all available diplomatic steps to ensure that aid gets into Gaza, aid workers are protected, and the horrific scenes described by the emergency relief co-ordinator are not repeated.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
Our thoughts continue to be with the hostages held in Hamas captivity in Gaza and with their families.
What recent contact has the Minister had with counterparts in Israel, America and our partners in the region to secure their release and broker a way through this impasse?
What steps are being taken across Government to address the threats to stability posed by Iran?
How does the Minister envisage the removal of Hamas from the governance of Gaza?
On the shadow Foreign Secretary’s important first point, we are, as she would expect, in regular contact with all those involved in negotiations.
The Foreign Secretary spoke to the Israeli Foreign Minister last week.
I have been in regular contact with the Qataris, who are doing important work in this file.
As she would expect, we continue to be in touch with the hostage families, whose concern I know the Chamber continues to share.
On the threats posed by Iran, we speak to the relevant players in the region and to the E3.
As I said in response to an earlier question, the Foreign Secretary spoke to the Iranian Foreign Minister last week and underlined that we continue to support a diplomatic resolution to the tensions with Iran.
We do not want to see Iran secure a nuclear weapon.
We believe that a diplomatic solution is the best way to achieve that, but we will hold the snap-back of sanctions, and indeed many other measures, under review until we are satisfied.