Friend is absolutely right that we are on the road to recovery—and that, of course, is what the Opposition cannot stand.
This is a complicated issue, as they well know.
As I said, we inherited this complication in July, when we were made well aware of it.
The Conservatives could have done more about it while they were in government, but it is yet another issue on which they have let people down—this time, it is staff.
We will ensure that we remedy that.
The timelines are available in the written ministerial statement that I issued yesterday.
We will continue to work with trade unions and employers to ensure that people understand.
As my hon.
Friend said, it is important that people do understand their own personal positions.
I call the Chair of the Health and Social Care Committee.
I have to say that I am none the wiser about what exactly has happened.
If we are to ensure that this will not happen again—that these deadlines will be met—we need to know how we got into this position.
It may well be the fault of the previous Government.
Will this Government commit to a full review of exactly how we got here, so that we can ensure that the published deadlines are met this time?
The Chair of the Health and Social Care Committee makes a good point, as she so often does, about what went on previously.
This is an issue from the McCloud judgment that runs across many Departments.
It was a problem under previous Governments, starting with the coalition Government.
I know that the Public Accounts Committee, on which I served, and the Treasury Committee have looked at the matter over time.
The Department will certainly co-operate with any inquiry and investigate what happened across Government.
I am happy to get back to the hon.
Lady on that point.
This issue appears to be yet another example of the hangover left by the previous Conservative Government.
Does the Minister agree that part of getting the NHS back on its feet includes cleaning up this mess and cutting waiting lists, which have already dropped for five months in a row?
My hon.
Friend makes absolutely the right point.
As I have said, Lord Darzi has helpfully outlined the breadth of the mess that we inherited back in July, and it makes for stark reading.
We have still not had an apology from the Conservative party, so I am happy to take an intervention now if anybody decides to provide one.
In these issues, we are seeing the depth  of the destruction that the Conservatives have caused widely across Government.
We will continue to fix that on behalf of the British people.
I declare my interest as a practising doctor and a public sector pensioner who has been through the McCloud process.
Does the Minister understand that we will not improve productivity in the NHS as far as doctors are concerned if they continue to retire routinely in their mid-50s—in their prime?
They do so because their accountants tell them that they would be foolish not to, given the fiscal environment and the structure of the NHS pension scheme.
I understand that point.
Obviously, it is a source of much discussion.
The change came about during the pandemic to encourage people to return to work, and it is a complex issue.
We want to continue to use the skills of doctors at all stages of their careers, and we shall continue to work with them, the British Medical Association and others to make sure that there is no detriment to their returning to service in the NHS.
I declare an interest as a member of the NHS pension scheme.
Can the Minister confirm that this issue arose only because the previous Government carried out their NHS pension reforms in a way that was found to be age discriminatory?