I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
My constituents who work at the BMW Mini plant in Cowley are deeply concerned by the impact of Donald Trump’s global tariff war.
The uncertainty the plant faces is made much worse by the red tape that now inhibits integrated car production with suppliers in the EU.
Does the Foreign Secretary agree that, in addition to a robust response to the White House, the best step that the Government could take to support British businesses would be to start talks on a bespoke UK-EU customs union without delay?
We are an open trading nation, as we have been under successive Governments.
It is hugely important at this time that we continue the intense conversations we are having with the US Administration on getting an economic agreement.
Of course we prepare for the worst—all options remain on the table, as the Prime Minister indicated again just yesterday—but it is also right that the Business Secretary and I, and others across Government, continue to engage with business and industry so that we can give them the best support in what will be a turbulent economic time, not just for our own country, but across much of the world.
rose—
Order.
Topical questions must be kept short, otherwise there will be many disappointed colleagues.
Given the recent decline in the number of international students coming to the UK, what measures is the Minister taking, along with colleagues from other Departments, to ensure that universities such as Stirling, which have long benefited from diverse international student populations, remain attractive and accessible to prospective students from abroad?
Our strong knowledge economy is one of our best exports, and each Minister on the Front Bench makes sure to promote learning in the UK and learning in people’s home cities, when our universities have a presence, and we will continue to do so.
I call the Father of the House, Sir Edward Leigh.
I am a simple soul, so I trust the Foreign Secretary completely.
Will he assure me that nothing in the Product Regulation and Metrology Bill, which we are debating only this afternoon, will in any way nullify Brexit by limiting our ability to make our own decisions on regulation and to conduct our own free trade deals?
Above all, as a great British patriot, will he assure me that nothing in the Bill will allow any Minister to ever abolish that most glorious of British symbols: the great British pint?
I assure the right hon.
Gentleman that the British pint is safe under this Government, but I will write to him about the detail in the coming days.
What discussions are taking place with China about Jingye, the Chinese owner of British Steel, which last week rejected a generous offer from the Government to put the industry on a stable footing?
Does the Foreign Secretary agree that, given the importance of this strategic industry, Jingye should return to the table and agree a deal, and that if it will not do so, we ought to step in to ensure that British steel is made in Britain?
I have regular conversations with the Business Secretary.
As the Minister for Industry made clear on Thursday, this Government believe in the UK steel sector.
We have prioritised engagement with British Steel, and have made a generous conditional offer of financial support.
We remain in negotiations with the company and trade unions to secure the best possible outcome.
What further information did the Foreign Secretary have that led him to make a decision that differed from the detailed objections of the police, the security services and our allies, and to support the new Chinese super-embassy?
Will he share that information with the House?
The hon.
Gentleman must have missed the letter that the Home Secretary and I, quite properly, wrote to the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government, who, acting in her quasi-judicial capacity, has a decision to make.