I join in what the hon.
Lady says about the work that the Jo Cox Foundation has done through the Commission.
It is very important that we protect democracy.
We all know that democracy is under attack, and civility in politics is incredibly important, as was demonstrated, as she said, in the form of the late Sir Tony Lloyd.
In that spirit of the Commission’s recommendations, let me deal with the charges that the hon.
Lady has made against our record and that Labour has levelled against our Prime Minister.
Our Prime Minister is a man whose migrant parents made sacrifices to ensure that he could have a good start in life.
He worked hard to make the best use of every opportunity he was afforded—he studied hard, he pushed himself.
He had many career options, but he chose a life in public service representing God’s own country.
He protected this nation and livelihoods from the greatest financial and health crisis since the second world war.
He has risen through hard work, courage and determination to be this country’s first British-Asian Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister has shown global leadership on many challenges facing this country.
He is a wonderful dad.
He gives quietly to charities.
He runs for his local hospice.
He is a cricket fanatic.
He still attends home games at the football club he supports, despite being Prime Minister and despite it being Southampton.
He is a shareholder in three community pubs and patron of the Leyburn brass band.
He does not just get Britain; he represents the best of Great Britain—the greatest things we have to offer the world, including our values of hard work, enterprise, taking personal responsibility and helping others.
He is in no way confused about where his duty lies.
People will not find him taxing education or denying others the opportunities he has had; voting against strengthening our borders; siding with militant trade unions against the public; compromising our energy security or nuclear deterrent; opposing the deportation of foreign criminals; scratching his head about the monarchy; ducking difficult issues; or supporting  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn) .
If the Leader of the Opposition is a weathervane, our Prime Minister is a signpost.
He knows what he stands for, he knows where the country needs to go, he has a plan to get us there and that plan is working.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.
That brings me to a slightly difficult problem.
Bob Blackman is meant to be representing the Backbench Business Committee, to tell us about its business, but unfortunately he is not here, so I now call the spokesperson for the Scottish National party.
I associate myself with the remarks about Holocaust Memorial Day.
I ask the House to note that tonight is Burns night, when we celebrate the work of Scotland’s great national bard.
A new year, a new Tory civil war—just what the UK needs—with talk of doom loops, massacres and extinctions.
If only Members of the Leader of the House’s party had listened to her the last time she wooed them for leadership.
She warned them that if they voted for the former Chancellor as leader it would “murder the party”.
I know that the Leader of the House is furiously busy with all her “Minister for clickbait” responsibilities—those anti-Scottish articles and sneering videos do not write themselves—but as her Government grind, punch-drunk and exhausted, to an election, should we not debate some of the key legacies of the last 14 years of Tory rule?
Where should we start?
There are still the scandalously unresolved scandals, such as infected blood, the WASPI women—Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign—and Post Office Horizon, to name a very few, but has the Leader of the House had time to reflect on recent comments from Sir Michael Marmot, professor of public health at University College London?