Even if they sit outside the work of that inquiry, the questions that he raises are legitimate, particularly for our national security.
Although it may not be possible to change the terms of the current inquiry, which is looking particularly at the Government’s response to that situation, I will certainly alert the Cabinet to the issues that he raises, which are related to national security.
It is Thursday, so we have another question on contaminated blood.
As the Government had Sir Brian’s recommendations on what compensation should be paid in April 2023, and we were repeatedly told that the Government were working at pace to be ready for the original November announcement of the final report, can we now please have a statement from the Minister about what progress has been made since last April to update the House, so that we can see that the work at pace is actually happening?
I thank the right hon.
Lady for again diligently raising this matter.
I met the Paymaster General yesterday to get an update on progress.
Progress is being made, and I know that the Paymaster General will want to come to the House to make a statement on that.
I know that he will do so as soon as he has something substantial to say, but I can assure the House, which I hope knows my interest in this area, that he is working to ensure that justice is served as swiftly as possible.
Some time ago, the Scottish Government refused an instruction from the Information Commissioner to publish written evidence from the Hamilton inquiry into the conduct of the former First Minister Nicola Sturgeon.
Last month, I attended the Court of Session hearing at which the Scottish Government were humiliated, at great public expense, in their attempt to reject the request.
Despite a unanimous ruling against them by the highest civil court in Scotland, the Scottish Government still refuse to release that information.
That extraordinary behaviour would appear to be in breach of the ministerial code, the civil service code and, indeed, the rule of law.
May I ask the Leader of the House whether the rule of law in Scotland is at risk and whether we can have a debate and a statement on this matter?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for raising this matter and the disturbing issues surrounding it.
Although there is a debate about whether the court decision is binding or is binding in a particular way, we consider it to be a matter of accountability to the Scottish Parliament.
I am sure that the Scottish Parliament will be asking questions of their Government in relation to those very serious matters, which my right hon.
Friend has raised today.
May I inform the Leader of the House that we already have a holocaust memorial centre at the University of Huddersfield at the heart of Huddersfield?
All Members hope that the new holocaust memorial centre at the heart of Westminster will happen soon.
Am I right in believing that an illustrious ancestor of hers—Raymond Postgate—wrote a book called, “The Common People”?
Is she aware that common people in my constituency and up and down the country are being dreadfully exploited via Rachmanite landlords?
They are being given a miserable life, with rack-renting or letting every room in the house as a bedroom.
What is going on in the rented sector is a scandal.
May we have a debate on that?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman.
I learn something new every session.
I shall have to investigate the first half of his question, but he is absolutely right  to raise the plight of tenants who either are in unsuitable accommodation or are being exploited by their landlords.