Notwithstanding what the Minister says, I am still frequently being approached by small and medium-sized enterprises in Edinburgh West that are struggling to meet soaring energy costs, stave off inflation and deal with Brexit red tape.
The number of Scottish SMEs in financial distress is up 10%, according to research, and those were formerly strong, stable and well-managed businesses.
They have a huge impact on employment in tourism, which is one of our main industries.
Will the Minister tell me what more the Department will do to reassure businesses in my constituency and elsewhere, and whether he will ask the Chancellor to do more in the forthcoming Budget to help them?
The hon.
Lady raises important points.
Of course, the Chancellor can do nothing if the Scottish Government do not pass on our support to Scotland, which they have not done for business rates.
I know that that is out of her hands, but it is a point she may want to raise with the Scottish Government.
The average pub in Scotland is £15,000 worse off a year than its English counterpart because they have not passed through that rates support.
The average restaurant or guest house is £30,000 worse off than its English counterpart, and closure rates in Scotland are 30% higher than in England.
I call the shadow Minister.
Business closures now exceed new business openings, with 345,000 businesses across the UK closing in 2022—the highest since records began.
This week, the Financial Times reported that more than 47,000 businesses are on the verge of collapse.
Former Prime Minister Johnson used an expletive to describe his party’s commitment to business.
His successor well and truly delivered on that commitment by crashing the economy.
Is it not time the Government put businesses out of their misery by calling a general election, so that the country can get back to business?
On this side of the House, we are for business because we are from business, and we understand the needs of businesses.
So are we!
That is an interesting point that the hon.
Gentleman makes from a sedentary position.
The actual numbers of closures—although of course we are concerned about increases—are below pre-pandemic averages, but nevertheless we have stepped in to help by freezing fuel duty, maintaining the 5p cut and announcing £4.3 billion of business rates support, all to help our SMEs.
Closure rates are lower in England than in Labour- run Wales.
If she will take steps to ensure that the proposed trade deal with India includes legal commitments on upholding human rights.
The UK is a leading advocate for human rights around the world.
When we have concerns on human rights, they are raised directly with partner Governments, including at ministerial level, and that includes India.
Trade negotiations with India are continuing, to build on our £38 billion trading relationship and get better access to 1.4 billion consumers.
I thank the Minister for his answer, but an industry risk analysis dataset shows that India ranks among the worst performing countries for human rights abuses across a host of key industries.
My question is a specific one and I would like an answer please: have the Government consulted human rights monitoring bodies and experts, and are the Government actively considering the impact of this deal on human rights abuses in India?
I congratulate the hon.
and learned Lady on her recent election as Chair of the Joint Committee on Human Rights.
The UK engages regularly with the Indian Government and other Governments around the world, bilaterally and multilaterally.
Where we have concerns on human rights, we raise them directly with the partner Government, including at ministerial level.
I must say, though, that I am not entirely sure that whatever we do on human rights will make any difference to whether the SNP will support this trade deal.