I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Minister knows that we are willing to work with the Government on a way to exonerate the sub-postmasters and get them compensation as quickly as possible.
The proposals will have to be imperfect, but they represent a clear option for resolving this terrible issue.
As a way to ensure safeguards against any potential future misuse of precedent, could cross-party agreement be established as an essential provision for the exercise of powers of this kind?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for the constructive way he has engaged with us on this issue.
I know that the Justice Secretary spoke to the Leader of the Opposition this week on this very matter, and we are very keen to engage with the hon.
Gentleman too.
He is right to say the solution is imperfect.
We believe it is the least worst option, but of course we will engage with him and make sure that he feels the legislation is in the right place.
I am grateful to the Minister for that answer, and I hope that exchange gives some reassurance to all colleagues in the House.
Will he confirm that all prosecutions that arise from the Horizon pilot scheme will now also be included in the exonerations, given that, although people were technically prosecuted without official Horizon data, it is very much the same issue?
Again, the hon.
Gentleman raises a very important point, similar to one made earlier.
The circumstances were similar, so we feel there is no reason to exclude people who have been convicted in similar circumstances.
Again, I am happy to work with him on that issue.
What recent assessment she has made of the principal barriers to trade for importers.
The Government are committed to breaking down barriers to trade through our ambitious programme of free trade agreements.
In August last year, the Government announced the border target operating model, which will simplify border processes for both imports and exports.
These changes, based on smarter use of data and technology, will put in place new security and biosecurity controls while ensuring they are as simple as possible for businesses to comply with.
The five-times-delayed border checks will come into effect very soon, but those dealing with plant and animal health products are seriously worried about potential delays.
Indeed, the chair of the Horticultural Trades Association has pointed out that the process of importing a petunia from the Netherlands has already increased from 19 to 59 steps, and he warns that the
“new border is a disaster waiting to happen”.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that we will have a plentiful supply of imported red roses for Valentine’s day, especially for all those Conservatives on the other side who love each other so much?
I am feeling the hon.
Gentleman’s love this morning, Mr Speaker.
We have consulted very widely on the border target operating model.
We have put in a lot of time and effort, we have done a lot of consultation, we have been running webinars and putting out leaflets to make sure that businesses are aware, and the introduction of the model will of course be staged.
The hon.
Gentleman needs to be careful about what Labour’s plan will be.
This week, the EU ambassador to London revealed the fact that Labour’s desire for a food and veterinary agreement is likely to lead to closer dynamic alignment between London and Brussels in the future, which is directly against his party leader’s stated policy of no dynamic alignment.
What steps her Department is taking to encourage sub-postmasters who were affected by the failure of the Post Office Horizon system to claim compensation.
What steps her Department is taking to encourage sub-postmasters who were affected by the failure of the Post Office Horizon system to claim compensation.
Over £153 million has been paid to 2,700 victims.
We encourage anyone impacted to use the three compensation schemes available.