She has not yet had any compensation through the shortfall scheme, so I urge the Minister to ensure that such people are properly compensated.
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to raise that point.
Yes, the compensation scheme is there to compensate and provide redress for financial loss,  but also, quite rightly, for personal loss, loss of reputation, impact on health—those kinds of matters.
There are two routes open to compensation: the £75,000 fixed-sum award, which is pretty much an immediate payment, or someone can go for a full assessment of losses, which takes into account all those matters.
Interim payments are also available.
We have paid out £153 million in total across the schemes.
I am happy to help the hon.
Lady with that specific case, and we are looking to try to expedite the payment of full and fair compensation to all individuals.
I am working on a daily basis to try to do that.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle late payments to small and medium-sized businesses.
The Government are committed to tackling late payments.
That is why we launched the prompt payment and cash flow review, which was published alongside the autumn statement.
The review includes amending payment performance reporting requirements for large businesses, and providing the Small Business Commissioner with more powers to investigate late payments.
Small businesses are the backbone of our economy, but unfortunately late payments continue to blight the ability of small businesses to trade, with an average of £684 million a year being lost.
Unfortunately, that is on the increase, with a 7% increase in 2023.
I appreciate what the Minister said about another review— I think we had one a few years ago—but what specific actions are the Government taking to address this appalling abuse of power, which is contributing to 50,000 small businesses going under a year?
The hon.
Lady is right to raise this issue, and earlier I set out specific actions such as giving the Small Business Commissioner more powers, and producing league tables.
We work closely with the Good Business Pays campaign, which produces league tables on this issue, and naming and shaming the people responsible is important.
The Government are leading the way, and from April 2024 firms bidding for Government contracts worth more than £5 million will have to demonstrate that they pay their invoices within an average of 55 days, tightening to 45 days in April 2025 and to 30 days in the coming years.
Whether she has had recent discussions with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on taking fiscal steps to help support the steel industry.
The Chancellor and I meet regularly, and obviously we know and recognise the importance of the steel sector in the UK economy.
Our commitment to the sector is clear, and we will be investing more than £500 million in the Port Talbot site to ensure that  steelmaking continues in the UK.
Without that investment, the 8,000 jobs at the port and the 12,500 jobs in the supply chain would have been at risk.
We are working with Tata, and we have set up a transition board—the hon.
Gentleman knows about that because we both serve on it—and we have provided more than £100 million of support for affected employees and the local economy.
Last Friday, Tata announced that it will provide an additional £130 million of support for employees facing redundancy.
The option was steel- making no longer continuing at Port Talbot, or the investment that we have provided.
Ministers keep spinning this line that Tata Steel was threatening to close down the Port Talbot works and walk away, but they know that was an empty bluff, because the costs of dismantling and remediating the Port Talbot steelworks were vast and utterly prohibitive.
Against that backdrop, let us be clear: is it the case that no strings were attached to the £500 million of taxpayers’ money that has been given to Tata Steel?