Ahem.
Although I appreciate that my right hon.
Friend may not be able to comment on planning specifically, can she advise me on how I can best encourage the council to take up that offer?
That was a lengthy question, Madam Deputy Speaker—I could hear you coughing—but the answer will be short.
My hon.
Friend has provided his own answer and got it on the record.
We all encourage the council to act as he wishes.
The Government’s flagship policy for a generational ban on tobacco sales has many health benefits, of which the Leader of the House will no doubt be aware, but is she alarmed that it will not apply in Northern Ireland, where it will be frustrated by the EU tobacco products directive?
Even if a Northern Ireland Assembly were in place, it could not trump that directive.
Will she ask for a statement to be made on what is more important: the health of all the people of the United Kingdom or tobacco policy outlined by the EU?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that one reason we want to get the Executive re-established is to ensure that the people of Northern Ireland are able to make decisions relating to themselves, and that principle also applies to the point that he raises.
I will ensure that the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care has heard his concerns.
The UK Government have previously stepped in and made interventions in the health space.
Although I note that there would be difficulties with regard to that particular EU directive, I think this is something that the UK Government should think long and hard about.
My right hon.
Friend will know that we had a debate on steel this week in which Members on both sides of the House raised concerns and questions, particularly in relation to the UK’s ongoing ability to make its own virgin steel.
That is an incredibly important issue on which there is much more to say.
Will she support a debate in Government time so that we can discuss it further?
I thank my hon.
Friend again for her diligent work in speaking up not just for steel producers but for the users of those products.
It is incredibly important that we retain those sovereign capabilities.
I know that she takes every opportunity in this Chamber to champion those issues.
I am sure that she will apply for another debate on the matter, and my office stands ready to assist her.
I draw the House’s attention to early-day motion 204 and my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
The industrial dispute in the Pensions Regulator has now reached its 50th day because the regulator is offering a pay rise lower than the UK Government’s pay guidance.
May we have a statement or a debate on the Government’s pay review guidance and what actions can be taken against agencies that do not comply with it?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that the next chance to question the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions on this issue will be on  5 February .
I encourage him to attend those questions.
I bring good news from Kettering, where 16 mature street trees have been saved from the chop.
Gipsy Lane is one of the older and most attractive roads in Kettering, but there is going to be a 340-house development at the end of it, and under the original planning application, 21 very mature trees were to be chopped down to facilitate access.
However, thanks to the proactive engagement of Councillor Jason Smithers, the leader of North Northamptonshire Council, and of the developer Places for People, the good news is that 16 of those trees will be saved.
May we have a Government statement on the importance of keeping mature street trees wherever possible—they are attractive and good for the environment—and will my right hon.