Member to discuss furthering his case, but the overriding fact, which he mentioned, is that the decision sits with the Scottish Government.
In the UK we have the National Shipbuilding Office, which provides a wraparound service not only to secure contracts but to ensure that ships are built in UK shipyards.
Importers of short-life items in my constituency, such as seed potatoes and chilled equine semen, are worried   about impending import controls.
Will the Minister meet me, and business leaders in North Shropshire, to discuss how they can continue their businesses in the face of these imminent problematic controls?
Of course I shall be happy to meet the hon.
Lady, but let me remind her of what I said earlier.
The border operating model was introduced after extensive consultation with businesses, led by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs with the agrifood sector.
There has been plenty of opportunity for feedback from businesses, but I shall be happy to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss specific cases.
I am sure that the Secretary of State shares my desire to revitalise our fantastic local high streets.
Flitwick Town Council plans to do exactly that, but it needs support from the community ownership fund.
May I urge the Secretary of State to look favourably on its forthcoming application?
It is good to see the hon.
Gentleman working so hard for his community.
The community ownership fund sits with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, but I am sure that if he makes representations to those in the Department, they will be able to give him a more substantive answer.
And the final—short!—question comes from Barry Sheerman.
Will the Secretary of State look at the impact assessments of universities?
The traditional universities are failing to meet the standards of sustainable development research, and Manchester, Huddersfield and Newcastle Universities are doing much better.
Will the Secretary of State look into that, and push the other universities to do better?
This is a matter that sits with the Department for Education, but of course my Department takes an interest in all the innovation research that is going on, because it will help to boost the UK economy.
I am sure that officials in my Department have been looking at those assessments, and will be able to provide details if the hon.
Gentleman has a more specific question.
Will the Leader of the House give us the business for next week?
The business for next week will include:
Monday 29 January —Second Reading of the Trade (Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership) Bill [Lords].
Tuesday 30 January —Remaining stages of the Media Bill.
Wednesday 31 January —Motion to approve the draft Electoral Commission strategy and policy statement, followed by a motion to approve the draft Social Security Benefits Up-rating Order 2024, followed by a motion to approve the draft Guaranteed Minimum Pensions Increase Order 2024.
Thursday 1 February —General debate on miners and mining communities, followed by debate on a motion on freedom and democracy in Iran.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 2 February —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  5 February  includes:
Monday 5 February —Remaining stages of the Finance Bill.
I thank the Leader of the House for the business.
I begin by paying tribute on the sad loss of Lord John Tomlinson, who served as an MP, MEP and peer for over six decades.
He was a formidable force and an effective campaigner.
Our thoughts are with his family.
With Holocaust Memorial Day this weekend, and ahead of this afternoon’s debate, more than ever we must never forget the horror of the holocaust and other genocides.
It has now been over a month since the publication of the House of Commons Commission’s proposals on the risk-based exclusion of Members of Parliament.