Postal workers are the bedrock of our communities, but they are being forced to work at unsustainable levels—something that, sadly, has not been recognised in Ofcom’s  report on the future of universal service obligations.
The input of postal workers is critical to a successful Royal Mail, so please can we have confirmation that their views will be considered in any future decisions?
That would make perfect sense.
We read the Ofcom report into the review of universal service obligations with interest.
Our clear position is that we will retain a six-day service for our citizens and businesses, but those views will be taken into account.
The Secretary of State has often stated her support for post-Brexit regulatory reform and divergence, and did so again in answer to an earlier question.
Is she in a position to deny reports in  today that the Government have pledged to introduce a requirement that all future regulatory change will be screened to ensure that extra barriers in the Irish sea are not created?
That could be a significant impediment to divergence from EU laws.
I cannot comment on the ongoing Northern Ireland political process, to which I am not a participant.
However, it is clear that we retain the ability to diverge.
I agree with my right hon.
Friend that if we are to seize the benefits of Brexit, we need to find that comparative advantage over the EU in our regulations, otherwise there would be no point.
I remind her that I was the Business Secretary who made sure that there was transparency, rather than an invisible bonfire, in what we were doing on EU regulations.
I ended the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice on  1 January .
We have a comprehensive deregulation programme, which I am pushing.
I understand her concerns, and I will speak to colleagues across Departments to ensure that they are raised at the highest level.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Will the Secretary of State please confirm that this Government have no plans to alter the legislation on the marketing of infant formula and other breastmilk substitutes?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an interesting point.
I am very happy to write to him about it.
Royal Mail customers will have welcomed the Minister’s reassurance this week about ruling out a reduction to the current six day a week service.
However, many customers already feel short changed by what is often an inadequate service in their area.
Does the Minister agree that any proposed changes must protect the small businesses whose business models rely on the six-day service, and customers’ rights?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise this issue.
The service has not been satisfactory, and Royal Mail has been fined £5.6 million by Ofcom as a result.
It has employed 3,000 more postal workers to address those problems, and we are seeing some improvement, but he is right to raise the point about our six-day service being vital to businesses, particularly those in the magazine and greeting card industries.
What assessment has the Minister made of the results of private sector trials in relation to the introduction of a four-day week?
Will he meet me in due course to discuss the results of those trials?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that question.
It is clearly up to businesses to decide if they want to trial a four-day week.
We have made no assessment of any results.
It is our belief that we should not run a Stalinist economy, where we tell private sector businesses how to operate their workforce and on what days of the week—he may differ on that particular perspective—but we have introduced important reforms that help businesses work more flexibly, including the flexible working changes that were introduced recently.
The Gosport branch of Asda is the first in the UK to ballot for strike action.
Employees cite issues including low staffing levels, health and safety, and delayed equal pay claims.