Gentleman.
I learn something new every session.
I shall have to investigate the first half of his question, but he is absolutely right  to raise the plight of tenants who either are in unsuitable accommodation or are being exploited by their landlords.
The Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has done an enormous amount of work on that issue, both on building quality and ensuring that tenants are protected, and I shall ensure that he has heard what the hon.
Gentleman has said.
Energy national policy statements have a significant impact on my constituents.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend’s officials and her Parliamentary Private Secretary for finding some information in advance; I know that the statements were laid before Parliament on  22 November , and it was then declared in a written ministerial statement that they had been approved by Parliament.
Although I have returned to the Back Benches after many years, I remember that the Government in the past laid a resolution before the House, and I participated in that debate on  18 July 2011 .
I do not believe we have had a debate on these particular statements, so I would be grateful, even if we have gone past the legal deadline, if my right hon.
Friend found time for one.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for raising that question.
The Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero made a written ministerial statement on  22 November  presenting the five revised energy national policy statements for parliamentary approval.
She deposited copies of all those documents in the Libraries of both Houses, and they were available on gov.uk.
She also sent a letter to all hon.
Members on  9 January  highlighting the scrutiny period of the NPS.
Following the expiry period of 21 days, no objections were received, and the Secretary of State designated them on  17 January .
I fully appreciate that while all the i’s have been dotted and the t’s crossed, my right hon.
Friend and other Members may feel they have not had the chance to discuss or offer their opinions on them.
She knows how to apply for a debate, but I will certainly ensure that the Secretary of State has heard her concerns.
I was pleased to hear this week that the UK Government have recognised the funding pressure on local councils in England and confirmed that there will be Barnett consequentials.
However, we in Scotland can only hope—and as a keen follower of the problems that we have with the Scottish Government, the Leader of the House will be aware that it is probably a forlorn hope—that the Scottish Government will use the consequentials to cover funding gaps in our local councils and speed up repairs to mould and damp in social housing, which is becoming a critical problem.
In Edinburgh we have a housing crisis, and even as we speak my council and others across Scotland are trying to figure out how to fill the gaps that the Scottish Government have left.
I was, however, disappointed that there was no clear mention in the statement about how the UK Government would enforce measures in Awaab’s law to improve social housing.
May we have a statement on the steps the Government are taking to enforce those new rules, if only to provide a template for the Scottish Government on how one can support local councils?
I think the hon.
Lady for her question.
At the last oral questions, the Levelling Up Secretary highlighted that local authorities have been given the chance to take 100% of the receipts from right to buy and invest them in social housing.