Can the Leader of the House shed more light on this?
How many parents of two-year-olds who qualify and want to take up the offer of free childcare in April will not be able to access it?
And will the roll-out to nine-month-old babies go ahead in September, as promised?
Ministers seem unable to give those assurances, and providers are clear that the Government’s flagship roll-out is a sham.
Another week goes by with a failing Government who have run out of road, are out of ideas and are failing to deliver on their basic promises.
That is now the verdict of Conservatives as well , with the Prime Minister’s own pollster having concluded that they are not
“providing the bold, decisive action required”
and that
“the Conservatives are heading for the most almighty of defeats.”
Those are his words, not mine, and many agree.
So can they just put everyone out of their misery, and get on and call a general election?
I thank all colleagues who will be marking Holocaust Memorial Day this week and, in particular, those taking part in the debate later.
Clearly, it has additional significance this year.
I join the hon.
Lady in paying tribute to Lord John Tomlinson, and I thank her for her tribute.
I also send my deepest sympathies to the family and friends of Sir Graham Bright, the former Member for Luton East and for Luton South.
He served this House and his constituents for 18 years, and this included being John Major’s Parliamentary Private Secretary.
He is perhaps best known for his private Member’s Bill that became the Video Recordings Act 1984, which required all commercial video recordings offered for sale or hire within the UK to carry a classification.
Legend has it that during the passage of the Bill he had to explain to the Prime Minister of the day what particular acts performed on camera warranted particular ratings.
Given that that Prime Minister was Margaret Thatcher, that alone would have warranted his knighthood.
Many colleagues have spoken very fondly of him over the past few days, and he will be much missed.
Let me also thank two delegations to Parliament this week: the families of Liri Elbag, Eliya Cohen, Idan Shtivi, and Ziv and Gali Berman, who are five of the many hostages still held in Gaza—we must not rest until they are all home—and the Ukrainian delegation, to whom I conveyed our deepest respect and solidarity for all they are doing to protect our freedom.
I wish President Zelensky, “Z dnem narodzhennya” and all in the House a happy Burns night.
Let me turn to the hon.
Lady’s points.
She spoke about the work the House of Commons Commission, on which we both serve, has been doing on the exclusion of Members of Parliament who are considered to be a risk to others on the estate.
She will know, because she is on the Commission, that we agree with the proposal that has been brought forward.
We were waiting for a motion to be brought to us by the House.
That happened late last week, and we will shortly table that motion for Members to see and then bring it forward.
The hon.
Lady mentioned the work that the Procedure Committee has done on Lord Cameron, the Foreign Secretary.
I thank its members for their work and the hon.
Lady for the evidence she gave to that inquiry.
We have received that report this week and will shortly be responding to it.
I hear her plea to act before next Wednesday, but she should have said next Tuesday, because that is when the next FCDO questions are.
I join in what the hon.
Lady says about the work that the Jo Cox Foundation has done through the Commission.
It is very important that we protect democracy.