This new political strategy from the SNP, like everything else that it does, will fail.
I call the Father of the House.
Will my right hon.
Friend ask the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to make a statement next week on the instructions to the advocate for his Department at the Holocaust Memorial Bill Select Committee?
Yesterday, on a number of occasions, the lead advocate said that the design had not been awarded to Sir David Adjaye, or that he was not the architect.
I refer the Leader of the House to the press notice on  24 October 2017 , in which the Department and the Cabinet Office said that Sir David and his team would  design the memorial; the then Secretary of State, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Bromsgrove (Sir Sajid Javid) , and the Mayor of London congratulated Sir David; and Sir David was quoted as saying that it was “architecture as emotion”.
I believe that the advocate may have inadvertently told the Committee things that are clearly contradicted by the facts six years ago, and by every other quotation until Sir David Adjaye became a name that could not be mentioned.
Will the Leader of the House please ask the Secretary of State to consider making a statement to correct what was said to the Committee yesterday, and perhaps acknowledge the four holocaust survivors who gave evidence, and look at what they said?
I thank my hon.
Friend for again diligently raising this important issue; I understand that the forums in which he can do so are limited, which is why he brings it to the Floor of the House each week.
He has put those points on the record, as well as his thanks to those survivors for their important intervention.
As the Secretary of State will not take questions until  4 March , I will again ensure that he has heard what my hon.
Friend has said.
Stratford market village in my constituency has provided space for more than 60 much-loved independent local businesses to ply their trade since about 1974.
They are the kinds of businesses that reflect the entrepreneurship, drive and diversity in Newham, but on  10 January , with no warning at all, the traders received an email telling them that the market village was closed with immediate effect.
The company that owns it is going into administration, leaving viable, much-loved businesses in limbo, out of pocket and without a home.
I thank our Assembly Member Unmesh Desai and Newham Council for their work on the matter so far, and I hope that it bears fruit, but I know that many similar communities have faced similar problems.
May we have a debate in Government time on whether our councils have the resources and powers they need to effectively step in and save much-loved local spaces and businesses when this kind of thing happens?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her helpful suggestion of a debate.
I am sorry to hear about the situation in her constituency.
Such markets are often a stepping stone for many businesses to getting additional premises of their own.
The Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and its high streets team have been collecting good practice about where other people have faced such situations.
There are some good examples of what local authorities and other groups can do to ensure that continuity.
As the next question time is a little way off, I will ask officials in the Department to contact the hon.
Lady to see what more can be done to assist.
May we have a debate on the Government’s massive expansion of free childcare so that we can really scrutinise progress on delivering it, in order to ensure that people can access it, that we tackle workforce shortages, and that the initial stages of implementation go as smoothly as possible in April and September?
I thank my right hon.