Friend will be pleased to know that his constituents can take advantage of the DBT national and regional investment teams, which work with local partners to provide support for foreign investors who wish to invest and set up in the region.
Recent inward investment into the Kettering constituency includes the Ball Corporation from the US building Europe’s largest and most modern aluminium drinks can manufacturing plant in Burton Latimer, creating 200 new jobs.
Will my right hon.
Friend congratulate and thank Ball for its confidence and investment in north Northamptonshire’s manufacturing economy, and encourage others to see Kettering—with its superb connectivity and motivated workforce—as an ideal location for further investment?
I am extremely pleased to be able to do so.
I congratulate and thank Ball Corporation for placing its investment in Kettering.
That is exactly the sort of investment that we want to see all around the UK: it is the levelling-up agenda writ large.
I also thank all the officials in my Department, but especially my Ministers, who travel all around the world—including to the US—to promote the UK.
We never talk this country down; we let people know that this is a great place to do business, and we are seeing the benefits of that strategy.
When she plans to bring forward legislative proposals to exonerate the remaining sub-postmasters with criminal convictions relating to the failure of the Post Office Horizon system.
On  10 January , we announced the Government’s intention to bring forward legislation within weeks to overturn the convictions of all those convicted in England or Wales on the basis of Post Office evidence during the Horizon scandal.
I met the Justice Secretary only this week to make sure that those plans are on track, and we hope to bring forward that legislation as soon as possible.
Does the Minister have an estimate of how many convictions were made during the Horizon pilot?
Will he confirm that those convictions will be included in the legislation, given that they were not made using Horizon data?
We do not know that number yet, but we are very concerned about people who used the pilot version of Horizon and were potentially subject to similar abuses.
We do believe they fall under similar compensation schemes, and there is no reason why they would not be covered by the legislation to overturn convictions.
For the legislation to work, postmasters have to come forward.
When I asked one of my constituents this weekend why they had not come to me sooner, they said it was because they had signed a non-disclosure agreement, but also because they had had to sign the Official Secrets Act.
I thought that was so bonkers that I did not believe it, until I read page 26 of Nick Wallis’s book, which says that postmasters do have to sign the Official Secrets Act.
If that mad policy is still going on, will the Minister bring it to an end?
Will he tell postmasters all over the country that they are completely at liberty to talk to their MPs about any aspect of the Post Office?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for all the work he has done in this area.
I understand that the requirement to sign the Official Secrets Act relates to the confidentiality of mail; it does not relate to the confidentiality of issues regarding mistreatment by Post Office Ltd. My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise that point, and I will certainly raise it with Post Office Ltd, but I can confirm that that would not prevent somebody from speaking out, including to their Member of Parliament.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Minister knows that we are willing to work with the Government on a way to exonerate the sub-postmasters and get them compensation as quickly as possible.
The proposals will have to be imperfect, but they represent a clear option for resolving this terrible issue.