What advice is my hon.
Friend giving to people such as Andy Street about what can be done to support businesses in the west midlands to overcome what I hope is a temporary difficulty?
My hon.
Friend has hit so many markers in that question.
He is absolutely right that the west midlands, and Birmingham in particular, are the heart of advanced manufacturing.
I suggest that the Mayor catches up on supply chain reporting.
I am more than happy to sit down and talk to him about that.
We have worked with industry, including in the automotive sector, to ensure that supply chains can be as flexible and resilient as possible.
Of course there are concerns about extended routes from that part of the world into Europe, but, as I mentioned earlier, we are the first country in the world to produce a strategy, working with industry to ensure that the UK continues to provide the data that it needs—
Order.
Come on!
I call Nicola Richards.
At a time when we are beginning to see inflation fall, recent developments in the Red sea are extremely concerning, not just in terms of security, but  because of the huge cost to shipping.
My constituents do not want an increase in prices as a result of the terror attacks.
Can the Minister build on the excellent answer she gave to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lichfield (Michael Fabricant)  by reassuring businesses in my constituency that we will do all we can to maintain the flow of goods to and from the UK?
Absolutely.
The UK will always stand up for the freedom of navigation and the free flow of trade.
We take threats to shipping vessels in the Red sea extremely seriously.
My hon.
Friend is right to note that, fundamentally, there has been an increase in cost potential, including a 124% increase in freight rates, which is why we have produced a strategy and why we have a council that will continue to work with industry to ensure that supply chains are resilient and the situation has the smallest possible impact on our economy.
What steps her Department is taking to support businesses in rural areas.
The Government provide extensive business support for all businesses, including those in rural areas.
As a Member of Parliament for a rural constituency, I am keenly aware of the difficulties that apply specifically to rural businesses because of their location.
With other Departments, we focus on access to energy, and we work with the Department for Education on apprenticeships.
We also have the British Business Bank’s recovery loan scheme, and the Start Up Loans company, which improves access to finance to help businesses to invest and grow.
I believe that that package helps rural businesses.
The Secretary of State will be aware that the Sutherland spaceport could be a fantastic boost for local businesses.
Equally, floating offshore wind in the North sea presents opportunities for the Wick and Scrabster harbours.
To underpin that, we need the transport infrastructure.
The public service obligation for Wick airport runs out in March this year, with no word from the Scottish Government on whether it will be continued—it would be a fatal blow if not—and then there is the abject failure to invest in the A9.
Promise after promise after promise has been broken.
What advice does she have for me?
I would ask the hon.
Gentleman to speak to the SNP-led Scottish Government, who are responsible for much of that investment.
It is a real shame that the SNP Government do not care about rural businesses or small businesses in Scotland.
Office for National Statistics figures show that Scotland lost more than 20,000 businesses last year, and they were mainly the smallest businesses employing up to 50 people.
However, I take his point about infrastructure.