It is a real shame that the SNP Government do not care about rural businesses or small businesses in Scotland.
Office for National Statistics figures show that Scotland lost more than 20,000 businesses last year, and they were mainly the smallest businesses employing up to 50 people.
However, I take his point about infrastructure.
We have to look at that on a UK-wide basis, and I am prepared to look in a little more detail at what my Department can do to support him.
I think that my right hon.
Friend is doing a great job for rural businesses.
However, the Met Office, which is under her  stewardship, is responsible for providing wind forecasts, which are particularly important given that the Orwell bridge was closed recently.
I would like there to be more transparency and, specifically, for the Met Office to publish the wind speed on its app so that there is transparency for all businesses and the bridge is not closed unnecessarily.
That sounds like a significant issue.
However, I am pleased to say that the Met Office is the responsibility not of my Department but of the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology.
We can raise the matter with DSIT colleagues to ensure that they look at it as quicky possible.
Whether she has had recent discussions with the Welsh Government on the adequacy of Government support for small businesses in north Wales.
I regularly meet Ministers from the devolved Administrations through inter-ministerial fora to discuss a range of policy issues.
SMEs across Wales have access to a range of UK Government services to help them to grow and thrive.
The UK Government also recently announced that we will appoint new international trade advisers in Wales to provide tailored support for Welsh SME exporters to take advantage of new export opportunities.
The Labour Welsh Government are reducing rate relief for the hospitality sector from 75% to 40% in April.
Following that announcement, Monmouthshire County Council, which is also Labour-run, called on its colleagues to maintain support at the same rate as in England.
Business owners have criticised the Welsh Government, saying that it would be deeply unfair, but the outgoing First Minister has rejected their calls, and a number of hospitality businesses have already closed their doors this year.
Will the Minister join me in urging the Welsh Government to maintain the 75% support that businesses need, instead of cutting their feet from under them just because Welsh Labour cannot manage a budget?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right: the Welsh Labour Government need to start supporting businesses and to maintain the 75% relief rate, as we are in England.
The Welsh Government have also cut the budget of Business Wales from £26.6 million to £21 million.
Figures from UKHospitality show that the average pub in Wales will be £6,800 worse off as a result, compared with England; for the average restaurant, that figure will be £12,000; and for the average hotel, it will be £20,000.
I do not know who will be in charge of Labour in Wales, but it is about time that it started to back Welsh business, as the UK Government do.
What recent steps her Department has taken to help increase foreign direct investment into north Northamptonshire.
The Department for Business and Trade has done a lot to bring foreign direct investment into the UK.
Just last November, we raised £30 billion at our global investment summit.
Specifically for north Northamptonshire, my hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that his constituents can take advantage of the DBT national and regional investment teams, which work with local partners to provide support for foreign investors who wish to invest and set up in the region.
Recent inward investment into the Kettering constituency includes the Ball Corporation from the US building Europe’s largest and most modern aluminium drinks can manufacturing plant in Burton Latimer, creating 200 new jobs.
Will my right hon.