It is a misrepresentation to say that the issues going on with sewage are to do with the actions of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) .
This Government have been taking reforms through the Environment Act 2021 to improve the situation throughout multiple Governments, including the one in which his party, the Liberal Democrats, participated during the coalition.
So it is very wrong to make that case.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
As Secretary of State for Business and Trade, I am committed to ensuring the resilience of the UK’s critical supply chains.
Last week, the Government published the “Critical Imports and Supply Chains Strategy” to help UK businesses build secure and reliable supply chains.
Our 18-point action plan will help businesses to deal better with global supply chain issues from overcoming bureaucratic barriers to dealing with severe shocks caused by events such as the pandemic, Russia’s war in Ukraine and the attacks on the Red sea that have threatened a key route for global trade.
DBT led the development of the strategy, which was shaped by the experiences of UK businesses.
I was delighted that representatives of industry as well as key international partners joined us at the strategy’s launch at Heathrow airport, which is, of course, the UK’s largest import hub by value.
Mr Speaker, I wish you and the rest of the House a happy Burns night for this evening.
Is it not a scandal that the only way to get the great chieftain o’ the puddin-race exported to the United States is by sending the vegetarian version? [
Hon.
Members: “Oh!”]
Could not the Secretary of State put that into her 18-point action plan and get on and do something, or does she want to risk forever being known as a cowran, tim’rous beastie? [
Laughter.]
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his esoteric question.
We are continually removing barriers to US-UK trade, and we are trading with the US more than ever before.
If he has a specific example that I can help with so that he can enjoy his Burns night, I would appreciate it if he wrote to me, and we will look at the matter in detail.
With many banks closing on high streets, the post office is picking up so much slack, but in rural areas the limits placed on the amount of cash that can be paid in at the post office is having a real impact on businesses.
For instance, pubs have a lot of cash but cannot pay it in because of the limits.
Can the Minister review that and ensure that the post office can take far greater volumes of cash from rural businesses?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his work on this matter, which he and I have discussed on many occasions.
The limits are there to try to prevent money laundering, but it is important that the checks are proportionate.
I have raised their impact on a number of occasions with the Financial Conduct Authority and UK Finance.
There is more transparency now and they are working more effectively.
I know that the wonderful Ingham’s fish and chip shop in Filey now experiences fewer problems when it pays in money at its local post office.
There is a great opportunity not just for Inghams fish and chip shop but for the post office banking framework to make that relationship more lucrative.
I call the shadow Minister.
Postal workers are the bedrock of our communities, but they are being forced to work at unsustainable levels—something that, sadly, has not been recognised in Ofcom’s  report on the future of universal service obligations.
The input of postal workers is critical to a successful Royal Mail, so please can we have confirmation that their views will be considered in any future decisions?
That would make perfect sense.