There are three compensation schemes and it depends on which one she falls into.
If it is the group litigation order, an immediate award of £75,000 can be made; if it is an overturned conviction, the amount is £600,000.
I am sure there will be one scheme that the hon.
Lady’s constituent will fit into.
I am very happy to meet her to help ensure she finds the right one.
Mining is coming back to Cornwall.
This week, as chair of the all-party parliamentary group for critical minerals, I met industry leaders from around the country at a roundtable here in this place to talk about the challenges the critical minerals industry is facing.
Will the Minister agree to come to a meeting to discuss the challenges facing the industry?
Demand is going up exponentially, but it is a high risk industry and it needs her help.
Obviously it is important to secure investment in mining in Cornwall, particularly the mining of lithium, which will be critical for our car batteries.
I certainly agree to be interrogated by the APPG, of which my hon.
Friend is a powerful leader, and I congratulate her on securing that investment in Cornwall.
Could Ministers fix the illogical loophole faced by Pixipixel, a lighting and camera hire firm in Acton?
It supplied the equipment for the first two series of a popular ITV drama called “Grace”, which is set in Brighton, but because of Ofcom rules about the imposing of regional spending on public service broadcasters, it has now been banned and gazumped by a company in Manchester.
Can this be sorted out, because—
I call the Secretary of State.
It is having a punitive effect on businesses within the M25.
Order.
The Secretary of State took advantage; I do not want the hon.
Lady to do exactly the same.
I believe that this might be an issue for the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, but if the hon.
Lady will write to me, we can look at that specific case.
I am grateful to the Minister for working with me on the issue of button battery safety, and grateful for the ongoing commitment of the five working groups that were set up in 2022 following the tragic death of one of my constituents, Harper-Lee Fanthorpe, and the campaign for Harper-Lee’s law.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss progress, and, in particular, how the guidelines drawn up by the Office for Product Safety and Standards can be made compulsory so that more deaths and injuries from button battery ingestion can be prevented?
My hon.
Friend has done a fantastic job with the campaign, and has made huge progress towards ensuring that best practice is followed by suppliers.
Of course I shall be happy to meet her to see what more can be done.
Ferguson Marine, the last remaining shipyard on the lower Clyde, is threatened by the way in which its current work is configured.
It badly requires an order from CalMac for seven small island ferries.
The issue of procurement is one for the Scottish Government and their agencies, but will the Minister ensure that no impediment, no obstacle and no rules that are under her control will prevent the order from being given directly by the Scottish Government to Ferguson Marine if they so wish?
I am more than happy to sit down with the hon.
Member to discuss furthering his case, but the overriding fact, which he mentioned, is that the decision sits with the Scottish Government.
In the UK we have the National Shipbuilding Office, which provides a wraparound service not only to secure contracts but to ensure that ships are built in UK shipyards.
Importers of short-life items in my constituency, such as seed potatoes and chilled equine semen, are worried   about impending import controls.