I think the hon.
Lady for her question.
At the last oral questions, the Levelling Up Secretary highlighted that local authorities have been given the chance to take 100% of the receipts from right to buy and invest them in social housing.
We have provided a very good funding settlement to the Scottish Government— at least 20% more funding per head than the UK Government spend on the same things in other parts of the UK—but more often than not the Scottish Government do not pass that funding either to local authorities or, in the case of support for businesses, to those businesses.
That is a very sorry state of affairs; if it could be rectified, we would have a much better chance of dealing with the issues she raises.
As T. S. Eliot opined, time present and time past are inseparable, for we are what we remember—who we have known, where we have been, what we have done.
When dementia robs people of those precious memories, as it does for 850,000 people, their lives are diminished.
That often happens with age, and with age come other conditions such as arthritis, which affects one in six people, or diabetes.
Can we have a statement on the Government’s major conditions strategy to ensure that that strategy is holistic and takes account of the fact that many people suffer from multiple conditions?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for raising this very important matter.
The Health Secretary will not be answering questions until  5 March , so I shall relay to her his interest in this area.
We can combat those particular major conditions partly through research.
As he will know, several research missions in dementia care since 2010 have arrived not just at fantastic new drugs but made connections between dementia and those other conditions that he outlines.
I was recently contacted by a constituent who had been unfortunately caught out by an online scam involving Google gift cards.
Fortunately, they got their money back, but Action Fraud decided not to investigate.
On further investigation, it turns out that, at a time when online fraud is rapidly increasing, the number of fraud cases being investigated has gone down by a third.
May we have a debate on what more we can do to make sure that the online world is safe from these scamsters and fraudsters?
I am sorry to hear what the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent went through, but very pleased that they managed to get their money back.
This morning we had the latest figures from the crime survey of England and Wales, and I am pleased to report to the House that fraud has decreased by 13% with notable reductions of 33% in advance fee fraud and 40% in other fraud.
The actions that the police and the other agencies that support them on this matter are taking are having an effect.
We have a plan and it is working.
May I, too, send my condolences to the family of Sir Graham Bright, who was incredibly kind to me when I was a candidate and gave great support and advice over many years?
I have been robustly raising the concerns of residents of Kytes Drive in Watford regarding a planning application, including bringing a petition to Parliament about the  long-term use of the site, to ensure that it would be suitable and used only for people who were veterans, those with disabilities and older people.
I am pleased to say that, by ensuring that the chief executive of Anchor heard residents’ concerns, I have had a small long-term win: Anchor has agreed to pursue a local authority lettings agreement prioritising the housing needs of people with disabilities, veterans and other vulnerable people.
Ahem.
Although I appreciate that my right hon.
Friend may not be able to comment on planning specifically, can she advise me on how I can best encourage the council to take up that offer?