What steps her Department is taking to encourage sub-postmasters who were affected by the failure of the Post Office Horizon system to claim compensation.
Over £153 million has been paid to 2,700 victims.
We encourage anyone impacted to use the three compensation schemes available.
We have already published the details of the up-front £75,000 fixed-sum offer for group litigation order postmasters on the gov.uk website, created a new claim form, and written to all eligible members of the GLO scheme to explain the offer further.
The Post Office Horizon scandal has shocked the nation.
My constituent Kym Ledgar received a settlement under the historical shortfall scheme, which  did not take into account the enormous stress, the extra work in trying to balance the books, the damage to her reputation and the price she and her family paid in lost income, having had to make up the shortfall herself.
Does the Minister agree that we need to acknowledge the wider cost of the Post Office’s appalling behaviour?
Will he meet me to discuss how those who accepted an offer under the historical shortfall scheme may now receive compensation that truly reflects the impact that the Post Office’s conduct over two decades has had on their lives?
I apologise on behalf of the Government to Kym Ledgar for what she has been through.
It is absolutely our intention that everybody gets full and fair compensation, and that is not only for financial losses but for non-pecuniary losses.
We have taken a number of steps to ensure that the compensation is fair and delivered swiftly, including by establishing the independent advisory board, on which the noble Lord Arbuthnot sits.
We will continue to work with the board and consider what further action is required, but yes, I would of course be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss these matters further.
The Post Office Horizon scandal has made clear to us all what happens when whistleblowers are ignored or silenced.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that as well as ensuring that victims are properly compensated, we need better legislation to protect whistleblowers?
As the Government’s whistleblowing framework review draws to a close, will he meet me to discuss how the outcome of the review can be used to support the Whistleblowing Bill that I presented to the House yesterday?
I thank my hon.
Friend for all her work.
At one point we were co-chairs of the all-party group for whistleblowing, and she does a tremendous job in raising this issue time and again in the House.
We are currently reviewing the effectiveness of the whistleblowing framework in meeting its intended objectives.
Every scandal that I have talked about in this House over the years, from the Back Benches and the Front Benches, has come to light because of whistleblowers, who are hugely important.
We are reviewing that frame- work.
The research for the review is near completion, the Government will set out the next steps in due course, and yes, of course I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that.
I, too, have a constituent who, although she was thankfully not prosecuted, was forced over a period of more than a decade to pay back thousands of pounds every year, and it amounts to a six-figure sum.
As  the hon.
Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Jo Gideon)  said, this is not just about that pecuniary loss; this is about the impact on my constituent’s family—I will not go into her personal details, but they took a real hit and I wish she had come forward to me sooner.
I met her a couple of weeks ago and it really has wrecked her life.
She has not yet had any compensation through the shortfall scheme, so I urge the Minister to ensure that such people are properly compensated.
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to raise that point.