HONORING MRS. ROSA MAE WILLIAMS ON HER 95TH BIRTHDAY HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. Mr. BISHOP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a devoted mother, a woman of faith, and an extraordinary Georgian, Mrs. Rosa Mae Williams. Mrs. Williams celebrated her 95th birthday with her family and friends on March 22, 2025, in Leary, Georgia. Mrs. Williams was born in Chula, Georgia on March 22, 1930. Throughout her 95 years on this earth, she has exemplified hard work, resilience, and dedication to her community. As a single mother who raised 13 children, she faced great challenges but never wavered in her commitment to her children's education and success. Mrs. Williams takes great pride in her children, and while she did not have the opportunity to receive a formal education herself, she was successful in steering most of her kids towards earning a degree of higher education. They attended institutions such as Morehouse College, Spelman College, Georgia Tech, Clark Atlanta University, and Albany State University. A woman of strong faith, Mrs. Williams has been a member of Bethel C.M.E. Church in Leary for over 70 years where she currently holds the position of Mother of the Church. Her deep faith has been the guiding light of her life, and her legacy is rooted in her devotion to both her family and her Heavenly Father. Mrs. Williams instilled within her children the importance of hard work, education, and faith. Over the course of her life, she has been proud to see her offspring continue to make meaningful contributions to the community. Thanks to her devoted parenting, her children have gone on to take on professions as attorneys, educators, elected officials, corporate managers, and more. Former Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm once said that ``service is the rent we pay for the space we occupy here on this earth.'' As we celebrate Mrs. Williams' 95 years of life, we can say without a doubt that Mrs. Rosa Mae Williams has paid her rent and paid it well. Her dedicated life of service to her family and community is truly commendable. I know that her children and grandchildren are very proud