It has been over two decades since a Labour Government banned the cruel practice of fur farming, but the job is not done.
Real fur and fur products are still being imported into the UK.
This week, I delivered a petition to No.
10 with over 1 million signatures calling for a fur-free Britain.
My private Member’s Bill would deliver exactly that.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is time to close the loopholes, ban the import and sale of real fur, and finally put the fur trade out of fashion?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her campaign.
I know that the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs will have heard her representations.
We have commissioned the expert Animal Welfare Committee to produce a full report on the responsible sourcing of fur to inform the next steps that need to be taken, and we are committed to publishing an animal welfare strategy later this week.[Official Report,  5 June 2025 ; Vol.
768, c. 6WC.] (
Correction)
My constituent, Molly, is a single mother caring for a child with cancer.
She cannot work because of her caring responsibilities.
Since January, she has tried to claim disability living allowance and universal credit, but faced constant Department for Work and Pensions bureaucracy.
That bureaucracy continued right up until yesterday, when she received yet another frustrating letter from the DWP about her DLA.
Will the Prime Minister assure Molly and others like her that his Government are doing all that they can to help?
Will he visit Tiverton and Minehead to see these challenges at first hand and to work with me to find a solution?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising this case and I am deeply sorry to hear about Molly’s situation.
We are improving the lives of those that need it.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions has just said to me that she will look into the case, so if the hon.
Lady will provide the details, I will ensure that it gets proper attention so that we can deal with the particular problems she has raised.
I am grateful to her, as I am sure Molly is, for raising this and I hope that we can now take the action that is necessary.
Diolch, Mr Speaker.
In Wales, we will never forget how our steel industry was neglected by the Conservative Government.
They made unfunded promises, refused to make critical decisions and left Port Talbot on a cliff edge.
I welcome the news overnight that this Labour Government have secured an exemption for our steel industry from the latest US tariffs—a deal secured by this Labour Prime Minister.
Will the Prime Minister take this opportunity to update the House on what further work he is doing in order to support our steel workers across Wales and across our United Kingdom?
My hon.
Friend is doing great work with Welsh Labour colleagues to champion working people in Wales.
The United Kingdom is the only country in the world that will not be subject to the  additional tariffs announced today, and we are working with the US at this moment to swiftly implement the agreement we have reached, which will see the 25% tariffs removed.
We want that—the Conservatives do not want it—and it is crucial for British jobs.
We have fought tooth and nail for our steel industry, saving jobs at British Steel and improving the deal at Port Talbot, and we will continue to do so.
The Prime Minister has repeatedly told this House that it is not for him or his Government to determine what is and is not a genocide.
That position is no longer tenable, because at the High Court recently, the Prime Minister instructed his lawyers to argue that in Gaza,
“no genocide has occurred or is occurring”.