I thank my hon.
Friend for her campaign.
I know that the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs will have heard her representations.
We have commissioned the expert Animal Welfare Committee to produce a full report on the responsible sourcing of fur to inform the next steps that need to be taken, and we are committed to publishing an animal welfare strategy later this week.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of not issuing new North sea oil and gas licences on levels of economic growth in Scotland.
This is the first opportunity I have had to apologise to the House for using an inaccurate figure on previous occasions.
I had told the House that the Scottish Government had received a record settlement of £47.7 billion this year, but Treasury figures show that the block grant for this year is actually £50 billion.
That is the highest ever settlement in the history of devolution, with bells on.
That £50 billion is more money for schools, hospitals, policing and housing; it is an end to austerity.
That is the Barnett formula in action—the formula that both the SNP and Reform have announced this week that they want to scrap.
Oil and gas will remain a crucial component of our energy mix for decades to come.
Our workforce is the most talented in the world, and we are committed to ensuring its future.
We have consulted on support for the energy transition in the North sea, including on these issues, and the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero will respond to that consultation shortly.
Economic growth in the UK in the first quarter of the year beat all forecasts, reaching 0.7%—the highest in the G7.
Growth in Scotland is more sluggish than in the rest of the UK; if Scotland’s economy had grown at even the low rate at which it grew under the Tories, it would be £10 billion larger.
That makes it even more astonishing that the Opposition parties oppose the EU, US and India trade deals.
Ministers across various Departments have repeatedly said that oil and gas is here to stay for many years.
Issuing new North sea oil and gas licences would support tens of thousands of jobs, return millions in tax revenue to the Treasury and help to grow the Scottish economy.
Why are the Government refusing to issue any new licences?
A consultation on Rosebank and Jackdaw is concluding, and the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero will report on it in due course.
There is also the North sea transition consultation,  which has concluded, as I mentioned earlier, and which will take into account all those issues.
It will be published in due course.
Labour’s windfall tax on North sea energy profits is designed to make us less reliant on people like Vladimir Putin.
When I was campaigning in Hamilton last week, voters asked me why the SNP, the Tories and Reform were so against our windfall tax.
I could not explain.
Can the Secretary of State?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for the question.
What astonishes me more than anything is that the shadow Secretary of State for Scotland was the Energy Minister when the energy profits levy was brought in.
indicated dissent.
The hon.
Gentleman shakes his head, but he was the Energy Minister.
Indeed, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur)  may remember, the leader of the SNP in Westminster,  the right hon.
Member for Aberdeen South (Stephen Flynn) , did not support the levy, then did, then did not, and then put in the SNP’s manifesto that it would be extended to every single Scottish industry.
I am at a loss, as is my hon.
Friend.
We come to the shadow Secretary of State.