We have fought tooth and nail for our steel industry, saving jobs at British Steel and improving the deal at Port Talbot, and we will continue to do so.
The Prime Minister has repeatedly told this House that it is not for him or his Government to determine what is and is not a genocide.
That position is no longer tenable, because at the High Court recently, the Prime Minister instructed his lawyers to argue that in Gaza,
“no genocide has occurred or is occurring”.
The truth is that his Government have made a determination; the question is whether he has the courage of his convictions.
Will he repeat from the Dispatch Box what he told his lawyers to argue in the High Court—that he believes that no genocide has occurred or is occurring in Gaza?
I have said that we are strongly opposed to, and appalled by, Israel’s recent actions.
We have been absolutely clear in condemning them and calling them out, whether that is the expansion of military operations, settler violence, or the dreadful blocking of aid—it is completely unacceptable.
We must see a ceasefire, hostages must be released, and there must be aid into Gaza.
However, the hon.
Gentleman talks about peace and security.
As I understand it, at this moment of global instability as we go into a new era, what does his party want to do?
It wants to get rid of the nuclear deterrent—the single most important capability that we have to keep the UK safe—harming the industry and harming the country.
Carnegie UK, which was established by Dunfermline-born philanthropist Andrew Carnegie, has found that people under 49 are twice as likely to have been negatively impacted by the rising cost of living as those over 65.
It is vital that we increase opportunities for younger people and help put more money in their pocket, but sadly this week, we saw the Scottish Government seek to close off an opportunity for young people by refusing to support new skills investment from Rolls-Royce, while the college sector in Scotland also warns of a funding crisis.
What more is the Prime Minister doing to ensure that young people in Scotland get the opportunities they deserve, despite a failing and stagnant SNP Scottish Government?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
At a time of global conflict, it is staggering that the SNP policy is to block an £11 million investment for a new national welding centre on the Clyde.
I was there earlier this week and saw the huge potential for apprenticeships, for job opportunities, and for young people. [
Interruption.]
I support it—the SNP blocks it.
In England, we are backing 120,000 more apprenticeships with £3 billion of funding as part of our plan for change, but despite the highest funding settlement in the history of devolution, the SNP is cutting college budgets and blocking opportunities.
It has no plan for Scotland’s future.
Given the Prime Minister’s desire to strengthen strategic alignment with our European neighbours, will he—in the interests of public safety—follow the lead of France, Denmark, Belgium and others, and ban the burqa?
I welcome the hon.
Lady to her place.
I am not going to follow her down that line, but now she is in Parliament and safely in her place, perhaps she could tell her new party leader that his latest plan to bet £80 billion of unfunded tax cuts with no idea how he is going to pay for them is Liz Truss all over again—although, considering that I think the hon.
Lady was a Conservative member when Liz Truss was leader, she probably will not.
During recess, I visited Scottish Action for Mental Health’s Redhall walled garden, which I am proud to say is in Edinburgh South West.
It has operated for decades as a therapeutic horticultural centre, supporting adults with mental health problems.