She is absolutely right to describe these as dark days.
Israel’s recent action is appalling and, in my view, counterproductive and intolerable.
We have strongly opposed the expansion of military operations and settler violence, and the blocking of humanitarian  aid.
The House will have seen that we have suspended the free trade agreement talks and sanctioned extremists supporting violence in the west bank.
We will keep looking at further action, along with our allies, including sanctions, but let me be absolutely clear: we need to get back to a ceasefire, we need the hostages, who have been held for a very long time, to be released, and we desperately need more aid, at speed and at volume, into Gaza, because it is an appalling and intolerable situation.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
I start by welcoming reports that the Chancellor will give winter fuel payments to more pensioners this winter, although because we still await the details, we will reserve our full judgment.
I recognise the efforts of the Prime Minister to pull out all the stops to avoid President Trump’s damaging tariffs: a letter from the King, offering to water down online safety laws and even trying to send the Open to one of Trump’s golf courses.
The Prime Minister thought he had secured 0% tariffs for British steel, but now Trump is threatening us with 50% unless we comply with his new, five-week deadline.
This is classic Trump—changing the terms of a deal he has already agreed.
Does the Prime Minister share my fear that nothing will stop Trump messing the UK around, short of bunging a few hundred million pounds into his TrumpCoin?
We have a deal and we are implementing it.
Within a very short time, I am very confident that we will get those tariffs down in accordance with the deal.
I will come back to the right hon.
Gentleman and update the House in due course, and I think the House will be very pleased at the outcome—[Interruption.]
From a sedentary position,  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  says no.
This is zero tariffs on steel. [
Interruption.]
Let us come back to this in a couple of weeks when we have implemented it, but the Conservatives obviously do not want it.
Labour has backed steel; the Conservatives laugh at attempts to do so.
That is a big part of the problem.
I had hoped the Prime Minister would now be beginning to see the sort of man Trump is and start getting tough on him, so we will come back to this issue.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s remarks about Gaza, because I am sure that all of us are appalled by the latest scenes: starving people desperate for food, water and medicine, met with chaos and violence.
The US-Israeli programme is clearly failing and nothing short of lifting the full blockade on aid will do.
Given that the Netanyahu Government refuse to do that, will the Prime Minister take more decisive action today?
Will he push at the United Nations Security Council for humanitarian corridors to get the desperately needed aid urgently into Gaza?
I give the right hon.
Gentleman my assurance, because this is a very important issue, that we are working at pace with our allies on that very issue, to take whatever measures we can to get that humanitarian aid in.
We have been doing that intensively over recent weeks and I give him my assurance that we  will continue to do that, because that aid needs to get in at speed and at volume, and he is absolutely right about that.
It has been over two decades since a Labour Government banned the cruel practice of fur farming, but the job is not done.
Real fur and fur products are still being imported into the UK.
This week, I delivered a petition to No.