The right hon.
Lady needs to apologise for the fact that the Conservatives left the economy in a terrible state, with a mini-Budget that blew up the economy, and we were left with a £22 billion black hole.
When she gets up, perhaps she should apologise for that.
The Office for Budget Responsibility has said there was no such black hole.
The Prime Minister has just given away £30 billion for the Chagos islands—that is his black hole.
He has not stabilised the economy.
Borrowing prices are higher now than at any time in the last Parliament.
He has not stabilised the economy.
He has no clear answers on what he is doing.
It is just chaos, chaos, chaos.
He keeps making announcements with no detail.
Let’s move to another area of confusion.
Can we get a simple answer: will the Government keep the two-child benefit cap?
I am absolutely determined that we will drive down child poverty.
That is one of the proudest things of the last Labour Government.
That is why we have a taskforce and that is why we have a  strategy, and we will set out that strategy in due course.
But we drive child poverty down; under the Conservatives, poverty always goes up.
I did not ask the Prime Minister about a taskforce.
I asked him if he will keep the two-child benefit cap, and he does not know—it is just chaos and uncertainty.
He has no details.
He is briefing something and causing a lot of confusion to the people out there.
On that two-child benefit cap, I tell him this: I believe in family, but I also believe in fairness.
On the Conservative side of the House, we believe that people on benefits should have to make the same choices on having children as everyone else.
What does the Prime Minister believe?
I believe profoundly in driving down poverty and child poverty.
That is why we will put a strategy in place.
But the right hon.
Lady talks about heads spinning.
There is only one leader who been praised this week by the Russian embassy.
If she carries on echoing Kremlin talking points like this, Reform will be sending her an application form for membership.
I asked the Prime Minister what he believes in.
He had to look in his folder to find the answer.
His MPs behind him know what they believe in—he does not know.
He has been in government for nearly a year.
It will only get harder and harder.
The canned, forced laughter, the planted questions—all that will disappear because at every single point things are getting worse.
He has to ask Morgan McSweeney what it is that he believes in, but the fact is that chaos is being felt in the economy.
The Chancellor said she would not be coming back with new tax rises, but she will have to pay for all these U-turns she is announcing out there, won’t she?
I am going to look in my folder because here I have the quote that the right hon.
Lady said on Sky News—[Interruption.]
I will read it, thank you. [
Laughter.]
It is what the Leader of the Opposition said—it is worth listening to.
She said:
“Israel is fighting a proxy war on behalf of the UK, just like Ukraine is on behalf of Western Europe against Russia.”
Well, that was certainly noticed in the Russian embassy because they put out a statement saying that the Leader of the Opposition has
“finally called a spade a spade”.
It said:
“Ukraine is indeed fighting a proxy war against Russia on behalf of Western interests”.
It went on to say:
“The illegitimate Kyiv regime, created, financed and armed by the West, has been at it since 2014.”
So they endorsed—[Interruption.]
They want the detail; I have given the quote.
That is what Russia said in response.
She asked me what I believe in.