What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on support for the higher education sector in Scotland.
Scotland’s universities are of course world-class, but I am very concerned about the financial difficulties faced by several of them.
As the hon.
Lady will know, higher education is a devolved matter, and Scotland’s universities, their staff and their students all need a Scottish Government with a proper plan to turn this crisis around.
International students are hugely valuable, not just when it comes to sharing cultures and knowledge, but to our universities and local economies.
In North East Fife in 2021-22, that value was estimated at £159 million.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Scottish Government about the economic impact of the reforms relating to international students in the immigration White Paper?
Can she update the House on whether an economic impact assessment has taken place?
We are in ongoing discussions with the Scottish Government and Scottish universities, but I want to be absolutely definitive about this, because there has been some confusion in the press.
Education policy is devolved, and the international student levy will not apply in Scotland unless the Scottish Government decide to introduce it.
I met Universities Scotland just this week and made that very clear, and I am pleased to do so again today.
The university sector is important for growing the Scottish economy, but so is tourism.
Can the Minister enlighten me about the jet safari trips from Clacton to Scotland that have taken place, allowing former bankers to patronise the locals, miss the big picture and be back in England for a pint of warm beer by lunchtime?
I think I did hear something about  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  getting lost in Hamilton this weekend, and sculking behind the bins before he was sent packing by the good people of South Lanarkshire.
Of course, the only local candidate in that by-election is Labour’s Davy Russell, who will stand up for his community against the division peddled by both the SNP and Reform.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on school standards.
The right hon.
Gentleman will have heard me remind the House on a number of occasions that John Swinney said that education was the “defining mission” of his SNP Government, but earlier this year we got the news that standards of attainment in Scotland’s schools are declining across the board and, shamefully, outcomes for young working-class kids are getting worse.
The attainment gap is widening.
The Scottish Government have failed a generation; they cannot be allowed a third decade in power to continue that damage.
Scotland’s teachers, parents and pupils all deserve better standards in our schools.
What has caused the system, which was once the benchmark for all others, to become such a disappointment?
There is a simple answer to that question: the SNP Scottish Government.
When my right hon.
Friend discusses with SNP Ministers, through announcements made this week, the huge employment opportunities that this Government have created for young people in Scotland, will he impress on them the urgent need to finally tackle the persistent—and in some areas widening—attainment gap faced by pupils from poorer backgrounds, not only in Fife but in South Lanarkshire?
These concerns are often raised by residents of Hamilton, Larkhall and Stonehouse.
The House may not know that last year, 1,351 pupils left high school in Scotland without a single qualification to their name, and one in six Scots is not in education, employment or training.
That is the legacy of the SNP Scottish Government.
What have they done about jobs and growth?
They are against the defence industry and against the trade deals with the EU, India and the US.
They are against young Scots in Scotland.
What discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland on improving economic co-operation between Scotland and Northern Ireland.