On South Yorkshire, I welcome the £1.5 billion to restore and renew our tram network and to improve our bus services, but I understand from the mayor that discussions are still under way about a tram-train project to link Stocksbridge in the north to Beighton and Woodhouse in my constituency in the south.
That project will unlock sites for housing and employment growth.
Will my right hon.
Friend agree to give further consideration to discussions with the mayor to unlock that extra funding for those growth projects?
As my hon.
Friend has mentioned, the Mayor of South Yorkshire has been given £1.5 billion, which is in line with our commitment to devolution and to city region mayors.
It is for the mayor to decide how that money is spent.
As my hon.
Friend suggests, the mayor has announced that some of this money will be allocated to the tram network, but it will be for the mayor and the combined authority to decide how to use the balance of this funding for other projects in the region.
As always, I am very happy to meet him and the mayor to consider what options are available.
I recognise the importance of assisting the city regions to boost the economy, but my Brigg and Immingham constituency covers the south bank of the Humber, which is home to a cluster of energy businesses that are of particular importance to the renewables sector.
Can the Chief Secretary to the Treasury outline what resources will be made available for that area to support improvements both in rail connections and also to the A180, which provides access to the major port of Immingham?
The Government recognise the strategic importance of the hon.
Member’s region to the UK economy.
This will be reflected in the industrial strategy when it is published in the coming weeks, alongside our other plans.
On his specific question, announcements for funding outside of the Transport for City Regions funding will be made at the spending review next Wednesday.
Twenty years ago, when first standing for election, I was told to limit my ambitions with regard to campaigning to bring the Metro to Washington, but I persisted and now, thanks to this Labour Government and the new Mayor of the North East, my ambition is going to be realised.
Does the Chief Secretary to the Treasury agree that that is the difference that Labour in government can make and that what we are seeing is promise made and promise delivered?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her decades of campaigning for that project.
I also welcome her suggestion that this is a Labour Government delivering the change that they promised to the country, but may I add to that and say that it is also the difference that brilliant Labour MPs can make in their constituencies campaigning for change for their constituents?
I offer many congratulations to my hon.
Friend, and I hope that she will be able to cut the ribbon when the lines are up and running.
The Minister talks about regional growth, but in north-east Scotland we see only cost and decline under this Labour Government.
Let us take the oil and gas sector.
Labour policies will cost almost 35,000 jobs by the end of this decade, and £150 billion in economic income by 2050.
The UK-EU deal will cost fishermen in Scotland £6 billion.
Two thirds of Scottish farmers will be impacted by the family farm tax, with 48% of farms halting their investments, which again hits the rural businesses that would be supplying them?
Can the Minister name a single policy that this Labour Government have introduced that benefits regional growth in north-east Scotland?
I can reconfirm to the House that this Labour Government have delivered the largest real terms increase in funding for Scotland since devolution began.
Furthermore, may I politely point her to the fact that the announcement today is about England, not Scotland.