How are the interests of veterans in Scotland being raised in Cabinet under the new Government?
The Minister for Veterans and People is doing sterling work.
His advocacy has helped to ensure that Labour will improve 3,000 forces family homes.
We are making a £1.5 billion investment across the whole UK.
I am sure that when the strategic defence review was launched, in Scotland and then in this  Chamber, the hon.
Member was full of admiration for what the Minister is doing for veterans and those who currently serve us with such distinction.
Scotland-born veteran Betty Gallagher joined the Army when she was 17, but eight months later she was dishonourably discharged for what were referred to as “lesbian tendencies”.
Today, Betty runs the thriving BourneOut LGBT hub in Eastbourne and founded Eastbourne Pride.
Will the Minister thank Betty for her service to our country, and advise on how she and other veterans can seek justice for the discrimination that they were subjected to?
I am delighted to join the hon.
Gentleman in thanking Betty for all her efforts.
He will know that, in the review, work has been undertaken on justice for LGBT people in our armed forces, and we are pleased to commend that to the House.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I associate myself with the remarks of  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  about the success of Aberdeen football club.
The strategic defence review makes it clear that housing must be a priority, and that the money from the sale of housing must be reinvested, but veterans continually come to me who have been discharged into homelessness.
Can the Minister reassure us that we will ensure that houses that are sold or redeveloped are available to veterans’ families?
I am very pleased to offer the hon.
Lady that reassurance.
I join colleagues in congratulating Aberdeen FC, despite the impact of their victory on my beloved Dundee United.
I also congratulate Arbroath FC on securing the Scottish league one championship title.
The Scottish Government have reinstated the winter fuel payment for up to 88,000 pension-age veterans in Scotland, but the Prime Minister has said that it was right to slash the winter fuel payment.
Was the Prime Minister right to slash it?
The hon.
Member will be perfectly aware—as, indeed, everyone in the House will be—that questions about the winter fuel payment in Scotland are devolved to the Scottish Government.
Decisions made in Scotland are the responsibility of the Scottish Government, but I am pleased to reiterate to the House what the Prime Minister and the Chancellor have said.
This was a difficult decision, and now that we have a little more breathing space, we are very pleased to make changes to help more pensioners.
I see that we are not going to get a straight answer out of the Minister, just as the people in Hamilton did not get a straight answer out of Labour’s candidate.
That will be why Labour is sinking without a trace.
Let me put it this way: does the Minister think that the Prime Minister was right to slash the winter fuel payment for up to 1 million veterans across the UK?
When this Government took office, we inherited a £22 billion black hole, which required emergency action.
We said at the time that our decision on the winter fuel payment was a difficult one that we did not want to make, and we are very pleased to be in a position to reconsider it.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on support for the higher education sector in Scotland.
Scotland’s universities are of course world-class, but I am very concerned about the financial difficulties faced by several of them.
As the hon.