They want the detail; I have given the quote.
That is what Russia said in response.
She asked me what I believe in.
I believe in standing by Ukraine and calling out Russia as the aggressor.
It was our Government that stood behind Ukraine and led the way in Europe.
Everything the Prime Minister has said this afternoon is total nonsense, obfuscation, and avoiding the question.
He does not have any answers.
It is disgraceful.
I asked the Prime Minister about the two-child benefit cap; he is talking about the Kremlin.
He is saying everything he can to distract from the mess he is making of our economy.
The OECD has downgraded growth for the next two years.
He cannot rule out tax rises.
Police chiefs are saying that they do not have the money they need to keep the public safe, just as he is releasing more criminals on to the streets.
His Cabinet are squabbling with each other, and they said that they have lost control of the borders, but he still managed to find £30 billion to give away the Chagos islands.
This is total and utter chaos.
Two weeks ago, he was crowing about his historic trade deal and how he got zero per cent tariffs on steel.
Now the steel industry will face 25% tariffs unless he does exactly what President Trump tells him to.
It is chaos, chaos, chaos—and isn’t the root of the chaos that it is about this Prime Minister, his decisions and his judgment?
The only advice—[Interruption.]
She gets up on a Wednesday morning, scrolls through social media and never does any of the detail.
We are the only country in the world that is not paying the 50% tax on steel, and we are working on the rest.
That will be coming down.
She—[Interruption.]
We are working to bring it down to zero; that is going to happen. [
Interruption.]
Order.
Please, let us listen to the answer, even if you do not believe you are getting one.
It is how the Prime Minister wishes to do it.
She opposes the US deal, she opposes the India deal, she opposes what we are doing with the EU, and she opposes Diego Garcia.
That is a vital intelligence and strategic capability, and it is absolutely clear that legal uncertainty would compromise that capability in a very short time.
No responsible Prime Minister would ever let that happen.
We have secured the long-term basis for the base.
That has been welcomed by the US, NATO, Australia, New Zealand and India.
They are our allies.
It has been opposed by our adversaries, Russia, China and Iran—and into that column we have Reform, presumably following Putin, and the Tories following Reform.
Anyone who saw the six-year-old girl fleeing the flaming shelter where her family were killed by an Israeli air strike will carry those horrific images with them forever.
These are very dark days.
Gaza is a stain on the soul of humanity, and it is a further shame that there is more moral clarity coming from Ms Rachel on YouTube than from many world leaders, who are complicit in silence.
The Prime Minister said this week that Britain must be ready for war.
I ask: after tens of thousands of deaths, after a generation of Gazans stunted by hunger and trauma, when will it be ready for peace?
When will it help to stop this genocide?
When will it hold the Israeli Government to account, and when will it recognise the state of Palestine?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising this.
She is absolutely right to describe these as dark days.
Israel’s recent action is appalling and, in my view, counterproductive and intolerable.
We have strongly opposed the expansion of military operations and settler violence, and the blocking of humanitarian  aid.