We are investing £200 million in our plans for neighbourhoods in Scotland, with £20 million-worth of funding for towns including Irvine, Greenock, Kilmarnock, Coatbridge, Clydebank, Elgin, Dumfries, Arbroath, Peterhead and Kirkwall.
Of course, it would help if the Scottish Government extended business rates relief to retail and leisure businesses, as has happened south of the border.
Many businesses in Scotland are asking where that money went.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it was astonishing that the SNP voted against the £8 million to regenerate Hamilton town centre and that only Labour’s Davy Russell will stand up for local people, jobs and services?
I have brought glasses to see if I can find an ounce of credibility in the SNP’s candidate in Hamilton for voting against that £8 million.
The SNP candidate is a councillor from Cambuslang who stood for election twice in Rutherglen, sought selection in Shettleston and then voted against £8 million for the Hamilton town centre before seeking selection there.
In Scotland, we are allowed to elect councillors with a single transferable vote; she appears to be the SNP’s single transferable councillor.
A proud industrial heritage, a strong community spirit and an overwhelming feeling of being let down and under-invested in by the previous Conservative Government unite towns in my constituency with those across Scotland, including those in Hamilton, Larkhall and Stonehouse.
In Wales, Labour’s transforming towns programme has invested in Holywell in my constituency.
Will the Secretary of State join me in calling on the SNP to U-turn and finally back Labour’s plans to invest in Hamilton town centre?
What a wonderful representative my hon.
Friend is for her constituency.
I could not agree more.
The SNP candidate is yet to explain to voters in Hamilton, Larkhall and Stonehouse why she voted against the much needed £8 million investment in Hamilton town centre.
I hope she will explain before tomorrow’s vote.
If she does not, everyone should back Labour’s Davy Russell.
I will tell the Secretary of State what is bad for town centres, and that is job losses.
On this Government’s watch, Robert Gordon University has been forced to publish a report that outlines that there could be 400 job losses in the North sea every two weeks.
That is a Grangemouth-type shutdown every two weeks.
How many jobs have to be lost in my constituency for his Government to act?
The leader of the SNP in this House voted against the setting up of Great British Energy in his constituency, which is creating jobs in Scotland.
He is against the EU trade deal, he is against the US trade deal, he is against the India trade deal; he is bad for jobs and should go.
Towns and villages across north-east Scotland, such as Aberdeen, and Inverurie, Kintore and Ellon in my constituency, will all need regenerating in future if the Secretary of State’s Government keep decimating the oil and gas sector.
The best thing his Government can do for the north-east of Scotland is allow new licences and cut the increase to the energy profits levy.
Will he commit to that?
Otherwise, more and more money will need to be put into north-east Scotland to regenerate our towns in future.
This Government are putting money into Scottish towns to regenerate them.
As we keep saying from this Dispatch Box, oil and gas will be with us for decades to come.
The industry itself is making  the transition, and we have to make sure that it happens, and happens for the benefit of workers in the north-east and all over Scotland.
I am not even sure, however, that it is a transition that the hon.
Lady and the Conservative party now back.
What recent discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on the impact of the Barnett formula on levels of funding for the NHS in Scotland.