Over the past few months, I have been meeting care providers in my constituency of Stratford-on-Avon who deliver essential and expert care to some of my most vulnerable constituents.
However, like so many small businesses, they are under huge financial pressures, and the hike in national insurance is yet another burden many cannot afford.
I welcome the Government’s partial U-turn on winter fuel payment cuts following pressure from those on the Liberal Democrat Benches.
When will the Prime Minister offer relief to care providers and other small businesses and U-turn on the punitive hike to national insurance?
We announced £502 million to support local authorities to manage the changes in NICs.
We have put in £3.7 billion in additional funding for social care, doubled the disabled facilities grant and introducing the first ever fair pay agreement for professional carers, including minimum standards for pay.
I gently say to the hon.
Member that her party opposed the Budget that provides the money for the funding.
They cannot keep asking for more spending and oppose a Budget that raises the money.
The first constituent to reach out to me was a brave Bolsover mummy who had waited four years and five months, from rape to prosecution, with three postponements and multiple suicide attempts.
I will do everything I can to use this Chamber to speak out for women who are being so badly let down.
How will the Prime Minister support me to ensure that when these survivors—these formidable women—across the country come forward, they will get justice and there will be space in our prisons for the perpetrators?
May I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue so powerfully and for everything that she is doing on it?
The case she has outlined is utterly shameful, and far too many victims are waiting too long for justice.
We are delivering a record number of sitting  days and reviewing criminal courts to speed up the hearing of these cases, and we have a mission to halve violence against women and girls.
My hon.
Friend talks about the prison system.
The Conservatives left the prison system on the brink of collapse and routinely operating at 99% of capacity, because in 14 long years they added just 500 extra places.
We will deliver 14,000 new prison places so that the public are protected from these vile offenders.
The  Prime Minister told us during the general election that he is a socialist.
What has been more surprising is to find out in the last couple of weeks that the leader of the Reform party might be one too.
As the Chancellor locks down the spending review, will the Prime Minister please remind her of Mrs Thatcher’s all-too-pertinent observation that the trouble with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people’s money?
Was it Kwasi Kwarteng that the hon.
Gentleman replaced?
Now he stands there to give lectures on economic prudence—you couldn’t script it!
The difference between the Labour Government and the parties opposite is that we believe in properly costing our plans.
Reform has £80 billion-worth of unfunded commitments—Liz Truss 2.0.
Blackpool’s own boxing champion, Brian Rose, uses his gym to tackle knife crime and antisocial behaviour and to give young people a safe space, demonstrating the significant impact of amateur gyms.
Thousands of amateur gyms up and down the country operate on a shoestring and cannot afford to keep their lights on, and they are reliant on brilliant charities such as Maverick Stars, Empire Fighting Chance and Matchroom in the Community.
Will the Prime Minister join me in thanking those charities and praising the volunteers, and will he throw a haymaker behind these gyms, giving them the knock-out support they need to continue their vital work?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion of how amateur boxing gyms can transform both physical and mental health, as well as confidence, in young people.