This means the Government can now provide greater investment in Britain’s economic revival as, for the first time, the Treasury takes account of the value of financial assets and not just the costs of investment.
That has enabled us to increase investment by over £113 billion more than the previous Conservative Government, while keeping debt on a sustainable path—only made possible by the credibility of our fiscal rules, which require day-to-day spending to be funded with revenue.
It is more important than ever to have a robust fiscal framework.
I am pleased to note that the Office for Budget Responsibility confirmed at the spring statement that the Government will meet their stability and investment rules two years ahead of schedule.
In addition to her announcements today regarding transport for city region settlements, the Chancellor will set out further detail on this allocation of additional funding at next week’s spending review.
In January, the Chancellor announced a review of the Green Book, the Government guidance on appraising options for investment.
Since then, we have consulted extensively with stakeholders from across the country, considering potential problems with the Green Book guidance itself and how the guidance is being applied in practice.
I thank and pay tribute to many hon.
Members across the House for engaging on this important issue.
We will publish the full conclusions of the review next week.
It will mark a new approach to Government decision making that puts an end to siloed Whitehall thinking and takes account of the reinforcing economic effects of infrastructure, housing, skills and jobs to ensure that investment takes place in every part of the country.
These announcements reflect just a fraction of our plans to supercharge growth across the United Kingdom.
We are focused on investing across all parts of the country to boost prosperity and deliver the change the British people voted for at last year’s election, and there is more to come.
The spending review, which we will publish next week, will set out in further detail how an active Government will continue to deliver growth, empowering all regions and nations of the UK to reach their full potential and making working people across the country better off, no matter where they choose to live and work.
Unlike the Conservatives, who will tell us that they would have delivered on their false promises after 14 years of failing to do so, this Labour Government, in our first year in office, are delivering: a country that people will see is being set up for success that they can take part in.
That is the change we promised, and that is the change this Labour Government are delivering.
I commend this statement to the House.
I think you missed a couple of railway stations out of your statement, Minister, but not to worry.
I call the shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury.
I thank the Chief Secretary to the Treasury for his statement and for early sight of it.
I will start with an area of agreement: it is a shared ambition to enable all parts of this country to participate in our growth and our future.
Potential in the United Kingdom is everywhere, and it is right that the Government seek to unlock it with every means they have.
Indeed, that was one of the guiding principles of the 2019-24 Conservative Administration’s levelling-up policy.
They always say that imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
Now, we know that this Chancellor has a reputation for copying, so I thought I would have a look at the statement made in 2023 on Network North allocations, which I am sure the Chief Secretary has seen.
I thought I would compare those allocations with the Government’s announcement today.
I have the Conservative announcements in one hand and the Labour announcements in the other. [
Interruption.]
Labour Members can shout all they want.
Here we go.
In 2023, the Conservatives promised the west midlands £2.64 billion—[Interruption.]