Lady was a Conservative member when Liz Truss was leader, she probably will not.
During recess, I visited Scottish Action for Mental Health’s Redhall walled garden, which I am proud to say is in Edinburgh South West.
It has operated for decades as a therapeutic horticultural centre, supporting adults with mental health problems.
Like similar community mental health services across Scotland, it is now under threat: it faces potential closure due to chronic underfunding of integrated joint boards by the SNP Government.
Does the Prime Minister agree that facilities such as Redhall walled garden should have been a priority for the SNP when deciding how to spend the record funding settlement that Scottish Labour MPs won for Scotland?
What my hon.
Friend describes is how health services in Scotland are utterly broken under the SNP, whether it is people waiting too long for mental health support in his constituency, or the Wishaw neonatal unit in Hamilton, which the SNP is threatening to downgrade.
In 2021, the SNP Government said they would recruit 1,000 more community mental health workers.
They utterly failed to do so.
If they had a plan to fix Scotland’s NHS, they would have done it by now.
Scotland needs a change of direction.
Sir Jon Cunliffe’s interim report, published yesterday, laid out the fundamental changes needed for our water sector.
That is felt no more acutely than in my constituency of Chichester.
We have a harbour that is in an unfavourable, declining condition and sewage is blighting our tourism industry.
With water bills from Southern Water rising by 47% for my constituents, can the Prime Minister tell them when they can expect to see the real change that this Government promised and our waterways cleaned up for good?
I share the hon.
Member’s anger and frustration at the broken water system that we inherited, with frankly appalling sewage, higher bills and executives paying themselves huge bonuses.
The era of being rewarded for failure is over.
We have launched a record 81 criminal investigations into lawbreaking water companies in England, and we have introduced the Water (Special Measures) Act 2025, with prison sentences for polluting bosses and the banning of unfair bonuses.
We will respond to the independent water commission in full following the publication of the final report.
The proposed Hemel health campus, a partnership between the NHS and the council, presents a perfect opportunity to deliver on Labour’s commitment to neighbourhood-based care, bringing services closer to where people live, in facilities designed around their needs.
It can also help to regenerate our town centre.
Does the Prime Minister agree that it is essential that all stakeholders involved in the project are as ambitious as possible and work to deliver a community hospital that builds on the services currently available and reflects the evolving needs of our town?
I pay tribute to how my hon.
Friend is bringing people together to deliver better care in the community that meets the needs of his constituents.
The proposals for the health campus will be open to public consultation.
I urge the whole community to input into that, to ensure the strongest investment case is put forward.
I am pleased that waiting lists in his local trust have fallen by a fifth since March 2024, because of the investment that we have put into the NHS.
That, of course, was opposed by the parties on the Opposition Benches.
Over the past few months, I have been meeting care providers in my constituency of Stratford-on-Avon who deliver essential and expert care to some of my most vulnerable constituents.
However, like so many small businesses, they are under huge financial pressures, and the hike in national insurance is yet another burden many cannot afford.
I welcome the Government’s partial U-turn on winter fuel payment cuts following pressure from those on the Liberal Democrat Benches.