Over the coming weeks we will set out plans for further investment and renewal.
Our strategic defence review shows that this Government will never gamble with our national security.
Through the biggest sustained funding increase since the cold war, we will transform our defence, strengthen our nation and invest in jobs and industry across the United Kingdom.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
We all remember the glorious summer of 2012 when the world’s greatest athletes came to London to compete in the Olympics and the Paralympics.
It showcased Britain at its best, not just in track and field, but as a country that can host major cultural and sporting events.
My right hon.
and learned Friend has been written to by over 200 of our top athletes—some of them are members of Cambridge Harriers, who meet in my constituency—and they are calling for the Government to support the bid for the 2029 world athletics championships to take place in London.
If successful, it will lift the whole nation—[Interruption.]
If successful, it will lift the whole nation, inspire a generation of new athletes, showcase Britain on the world stage and put £400 million into our economy.
What’s not to like?
I think the race has finished.
Go on, Prime Minister.
One of the greatest achievements of the last Labour Government was the 2012 Olympics in London, and we all remember it—[Interruption.]
Given that response, can I pay tribute to the extraordinary contribution of Tessa Jowell to those games?
I agree that there have been huge economic benefits from hosting major sporting events as well as an important legacy.
We come to the Leader of the Opposition.
Three weeks ago, the winter fuel policy was set in stone.
Two weeks ago, the Prime Minister U-turned.
Today, the Chancellor is rushing her plans because she just realised when winter is.
So, on the behalf of the pensioners who want to know, can the Prime Minister be clear with us here and now: how many of the 10 million people who lost their winter fuel payments will get it back?
Well, I am glad to see the right hon.
Lady is catching up with what happened two weeks ago.
At the Budget, we took the right decision to stabilise the economy because of the £22 billion black hole that the Conservatives left.
We took the right decisions and the growth figures are up, interest rates have been cut, and we have free trade deals.
So we will look again, as I said two weeks ago, at the eligibility for winter fuel and of course we will set out how we pay for it, but because we have stabilised the economy, we on this side are committed to the triple lock, and that increased pensions by over £400 this April.
The Conservatives say the triple lock is unsustainable.
I think her position is that she wants to means-test it.
The Prime Minister clearly has selective amnesia.
I asked him three questions about the winter fuel payment two weeks ago and he was floundering.
The fact is he has not answered the question I asked him; he cannot tell us who will get the payments.
All we see is U-turn after U-turn—his head must be spinning.
Will he apologise now, including to his own Back Benchers, for taking the payments away in the first place?
Can he tell us how he will pay for this?
We took the right decisions at the Budget because we needed to stabilise the economy.
The right hon.
Lady needs to apologise for the fact that the Conservatives left the economy in a terrible state, with a mini-Budget that blew up the economy, and we were left with a £22 billion black hole.
When she gets up, perhaps she should apologise for that.