Will the Prime Minister join me in thanking those charities and praising the volunteers, and will he throw a haymaker behind these gyms, giving them the knock-out support they need to continue their vital work?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion of how amateur boxing gyms can transform both physical and mental health, as well as confidence, in young people.
The time given by selfless volunteers is inspiring, and we should thank them for it.
England Boxing is investing £9 million in the sport and GB Boxing will also receive more than £12 million during the next Olympic games cycle, and I know that my hon.
Friend will be looking forward to Liverpool hosting the inaugural world boxing championships in September.
Since July, health services in my constituency have got worse.
The Chase hospital may close, the promised health hub in Bordon has not arrived, and this week we have learned that in-patient wards in Haslemere are being closed because of a lack of GP cover.
The Prime Minister promised hundreds more GPs.
Could he possibly send one or two of them to Farnham and Bordon?
I remind myself that the Conservatives left the NHS on its knees: the last Labour Government brought waiting lists down to record lows,  and they drove them up to record highs; the last Labour Government had the highest possible confidence in the NHS, and they dragged it down to the lowest ever level.
Because of the money that we are putting in, we have done 3 million extra appointments in the first year of a Labour Government—that is the difference that Labour makes in power.
The Environment Agency predicts that 8 million homes—one in four in England—could be at risk of flooding by 2050.
Despite this, the Conservative party presided over a tripling of the proportion of our flood defences that are deemed “not adequate”.
By contrast, this Labour Government are investing over £2.6 billion in new flood defences, including on the Greenway in my Hendon constituency.
Does the Prime Minister agree that it is a shame that not all parties share this Government’s determination to keep homes safe from flooding?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting this issue, because the Conservatives left our flood defences in the worst state on record.
It is prisons, it is the NHS, it is the economy, it is flooding—every single thing they touched, they broke.
We are investing £2.65 billion to build and maintain flood defences, and that means 52,000 more properties will be protected by March of next year.
Glastonbury is experiencing a notable increase in antisocial behaviour.
St John’s church was recently forced to close its doors after gravestones were reportedly used as counters for drug transactions.
Constituents Peter and Melanie told me that people have been targeted with demands for money when collecting their pensions, leaving them feeling scared and overwhelmed.
The lawlessness is deterring tourists, and business owners have told me trade is suffering.
As visitors start to arrive ahead of the Glastonbury festival, could the Prime Minister reassure my constituents that he will give the police the additional resource that they need to tackle this threatening and menacing behaviour, and to reduce the devastating crime wave sweeping through the town?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right to raise this matter.
Antisocial behaviour massively impacts on individuals and their communities, and that is why we are introducing 13,000 new neighbourhood police and giving them better powers—respect orders—so they can actually deal with what they see on the streets effectively.
It is very important that we take this seriously.
This time last year, Southend United football club almost went bankrupt, thanks to mismanagement by the former owner, but on Sunday they made it to Wembley for the national league play-off final.
Despite being beaten by Oldham Athletic at the eleventh hour, it was like the phoenix rising from the flames to see them on the pitch.