The funding allocations have been devolved to mayors.
The announcements today are the announcements that mayors wish to make on some of the early allocations of the funding, and it will be for mayors to decide how they wish to allocate the rest of their funding.
I encourage my right hon.
Friend to work with the Mayor of the West Midlands, and I will help in any way I can to extend that and get the full benefit for his constituents.
I know that the Minister is drawing his parameters rather tightly today, but can he give us at least a hint of what impact the Treasury’s consideration anticipates for the defence investments in the regions resulting from the recent strategic defence review, given the closeness with which his Department was involved in the formulation of that review?
I thank the right hon.
Member for his question, which recognises the significant increase in investment in defence and security that this Labour Government are making.
He has asked for a hint, but the only hint I can offer is that the answer will come next Wednesday at the spending review.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for listening to Steve Rotheram, the Liverpool city region’s metro mayor, and Liverpool city region MPs, who jointly asked for pretty much what he has announced for the region in today’s statement.
I also congratulate him on recognising the value that transport investment has for communities and for growth.
In 2027 a new fleet of electric buses will arrive in my constituency as part of the expansion into the borough of Sefton.
Can he confirm that today’s announcement covers the improvement in grid connections and infrastructure for charging that will be necessary to take advantage of the very welcome transition to electric buses?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend and colleagues from the Liverpool city region on securing £1.6 billion of transport investment.
As he will remember, he and I were on a visit together looking at some of the potential for that money to be spent not long ago, including at a roundtable with local employers and workers at the Everton stadium.
It was great to be able to see out the window of the office of the Liverpool city region mayor the potential that that investment will unlock in housing, jobs and great opportunities for people in the area.
My hon.
Friend asks about how the rest of this money will be spent on what sounds like very sensible infrastructure upgrades.
As he will know, that is a decision for the mayor of the Liverpool city region.
The Chief Secretary’s announcement on regional growth largely omitted the south-west region beyond Bristol.
Will he therefore ensure that next Wednesday there is at least a nod to the region in which both he and I have our constituencies?
Will he ensure that the signal that this Government sent to the south-west practically on day one by canning improvements to the A303 is corrected?
Will he ensure that there is at least a nod to the much-needed Westbury bypass?
Can we please have a little investment in the poor country cousin of the rail network in this country, which is the west of England line?
Of course, the announcement today is on funding for combined authority mayors, which is why the west of England combined authority mayor has received two-thirds of £1 billion of transport investment for areas that are part of that boundary.
We are still committed to investing in each and every part of Britain, and the details of that will come out in the spending review next Wednesday.
I remind the right hon.
Gentleman that the Government have said to other parts of the  country that if they can get together and agree on a combined authority mayoralty, we will continue to support it in the same way that we support the existing mayors in the UK.