I am not even sure, however, that it is a transition that the hon.
Lady and the Conservative party now back.
What recent discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on the impact of the Barnett formula on levels of funding for the NHS in Scotland.
Following the spring statement, it was confirmed that the block grant for Scotland this year was a record £50 billion.
That was no thanks to the SNP and Reform, which both voted against that massive funding boost for Scotland and want to scrap the Barnett formula that delivered it.
Despite that record funding, the SNP still has no plan to get waiting lists down, when one in six Scots are stuck on an NHS waiting list and the educational attainment gap is growing by the day.
Despite the record funding provided by the Labour Government, the SNP plans to downgrade the neonatal intensive care unit at university hospital Wishaw, which could force the families of sick babies to travel as far as Aberdeen for treatment and support.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the SNP cut should be reversed?
As the father of an 18-week-old daughter, I am absolutely horrified by those proposals and I know that they will be causing anxiety for families across Lanarkshire.
That is why it is so disappointing to see the SNP candidate in the Hamilton by-election back the plans to downgrade the Wishaw neonatal unit.
The way to send a message to the SNP that that is unacceptable is to vote for Davy Russell tomorrow in the Hamilton, Larkhall and Stonehouse by-election.
What recent discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on the impact of the Barnett formula on levels of funding for local authorities.
The Chancellor’s autumn Budget delivered the biggest settlement in the history of devolution for the Scottish Government—£50 billion.
I want to see that cash reach the frontline services that have suffered years of cuts under the SNP.
That record settlement is possible only because of the Barnett formula—something opposed not only by the Scottish nationalists, but by  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) , whose Reform circus was sent packing from Hamilton this week.
The largest ever devolution settlement—£50 billion—is great news for Scotland and its local authorities, but under the SNP there are 840,000 cases on NHS waiting lists.
This affects people in my constituency in North Northumberland, many of whom use cross-border healthcare and dental services, so does the Minister  agree that the SNP needs to sort itself out and start delivering change to the NHS, as Labour is doing in England?
I could not agree more.
In England, waiting lists have fallen since Labour came to office less than a year ago, while in Scotland they continue to rise, and we now see nearly one in six Scots waiting for treatment.
John Swinney has, in total desperation, announced that the SNP Government’s fifth NHS recovery plan in less than four years, but the reality is that patients, staff and we all know that Scotland desperately needs a new direction.
Before we start Prime Minister’s questions, I would like to welcome to the Gallery the Speaker of Bahrain and his delegation: a big welcome to you.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 4 June.
Today we are investing £15.6 billion in the transport infrastructure of the north and of the midlands.
We are decisively turning the page on a failed economic model of low investment, and we are backing the talent and prospects of the whole country.
Over the coming weeks we will set out plans for further investment and renewal.
Our strategic defence review shows that this Government will never gamble with our national security.
Through the biggest sustained funding increase since the cold war, we will transform our defence, strengthen our nation and invest in jobs and industry across the United Kingdom.