Friend asks me about the supply chain and costs for building infrastructure.
The House will know that Britain has unfortunately become a country where most of our infrastructure projects go over time and over budget as a failure of poor industrial and infrastructure policy and erratic decision making over many, many years.
Alongside the spending review, we will be publishing the infrastructure strategy, at a slightly later stage, and that will answer many of my hon.
Friend’s questions on Government policy, recognising the problem she has raised and the solutions that will be set out to support the supply chain to be able to deliver for Britain.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
We Liberal Democrats believe that when the economy is growing, every nation, every region and every person should feel and see the benefits, so we are pleased to see investment in public transport and public infrastructure, but I must ask the Minister: where is the plan and the money for rural areas?
He will remember that, at the Budget, we Liberal Democrats supported and welcomed the Government’s changes to the fiscal rules that allowed for borrowing and more productive investment, and we are delighted to see that one of the beneficiaries of today’s announcement is the Metrolink to Stockport, which is a testimony to the hard work of the Liberal Democrats, who have been campaigning on this for far longer than the mayor and the combined authority have even existed.
From Shropshire to the south-west, from Cumbria to Cornwall, and from Norfolk to Newton Abbot, rural areas once again feel as if they have been forgotten.
Will the Government therefore bring forward a rural growth strategy?
May I also ask the Minister about Wales?
We know that HS2 and the Oxford-Cambridge line have been designated England-Wales lines, as opposed to England-only lines.
Can he explain to the people of Wales why that has happened and why they are set to lose out on Barnett consequentials?
There is one big piece missing from the puzzle.
Many of us rightminded people want to see investment in infrastructure, but if we want to build stuff, we need skilled people to build it.
Will the Government now fix the apprenticeship levy so that it can be spent on skills and training?
When will the Government produce their skills strategy?
Why has Skills England been set up as an executive agency of the Department for Education rather than having employers at its heart, as was promised?
And why are the Government scrapping the level 7 apprenticeship when we know that it supports social mobility, including into engineering?
We welcome this investment into transport infrastructure, but that transport infrastructure will not build itself; we need the people skilled to do it.
I am pleased that the Liberal Democrats welcome today’s announcement, which is specifically about investment in city regions.
The House will know that, at the 2024 autumn Budget, the Chancellor said that this Labour Government are choosing investment over decline, which is why we are increasing investment in every part of the country.
Announcements outside of city regions will come next week at the spending review.
To some of the hon.
Lady’s broader questions on policy, I can tell her that we will debate the infrastructure strategy the week after that.
She will have to bear with me, but she should know that there is good news coming, because Labour is delivering.
I very much welcome the commitment to city regions.
Nationally, our city regions have underperformed on growth compared with continental cities.
On South Yorkshire, I welcome the £1.5 billion to restore and renew our tram network and to improve our bus services, but I understand from the mayor that discussions are still under way about a tram-train project to link Stocksbridge in the north to Beighton and Woodhouse in my constituency in the south.
That project will unlock sites for housing and employment growth.
Will my right hon.