I am at a loss, as is my hon.
Friend.
We come to the shadow Secretary of State.
I start by congratulating the famous Aberdeen football club—the only team in red I like to see winning—and the manager Jimmy Thelin, the players and all the coaching staff for winning their eighth Scottish cup a week and a half ago, qualifying for the Europa league in the process.
The pride and jubilation on the streets of Aberdeen last Sunday show just how much the club means to the north-east of Scotland.
Even more important to the north-east than Aberdeen football club is the oil and gas industry.
What does the Secretary of State make of the report published by Robert Gordon University this week that warns of 400 job losses every two weeks in the North sea?
I join the shadow Secretary of State in congratulating—through gritted teeth—Aberdeen on winning the Scottish cup.
Speaking as a big Hearts fan, it is always nice to see the smaller clubs doing well in national competitions. [
Interruption.]
I do not know whether I have lost or won the House there, Mr Speaker.
We have this discussion across the Dispatch Box a lot during questions.
We are aiming for clean energy by 2030, and setting up GB Energy in Aberdeen—something that the shadow Secretary of State voted against, of course—to ensure a transition.
We have a declining and mature base, and we need to create the jobs of the future and the future industries in Scotland.
He should support that, rather than voting against it.
The EPL was brought in by his Government.
To be absolutely clear, there is no transition under way.
It is not the Conservative party saying that; it is the Robert Gordon University Energy Transition Institute.
These mythical jobs in renewable energy simply do not exist yet.
There is a slowdown in  offshore wind deployment and a steep decline in offshore oil and gas activity as a direct result of Labour’s ideological policies—400 job losses every two weeks, a steep decline in skilled roles, nowhere for supply chain jobs to go but overseas, and a decline in the workforce of 25%.
Why?
Because of massive investor uncertainty due to negative sentiment around oil and gas as a result of the ban on licences and the EPL extension.
When will the Secretary of State and the Scottish Labour party grow a backbone, stand up to the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, and stand up for Scotland and Scottish workers?
I do not know whether the hon.
Member agrees with net zero anymore—certainly, his party leader does not seem to believe in it—but that is where the jobs are for the future.
There is a declining base in the North sea.
Companies are making that transition already, and we need to ensure pace; that is the big issue.
We need regulatory change and investment, and GB Energy is there to ensure that.
The National Wealth Fund is making investments as well.
We have seen £600 million invested in Scottish Power’s infrastructure.
Things are starting to happen, but we need cross-party support on this.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on priorities for the National Wealth Fund’s strategic partnership with the Glasgow city region.
The National Wealth Fund has made its first Scottish investment in the Glasgow city region, which is one of four areas across the UK selected for a strategic partnership with the fund to unlock private investment opportunities.
The Secretary of State meets the Deputy First Minister regularly to discuss economic growth, which is this Government’s No.1 priority.
Does the Minister agree that in recent years, we have witnessed the benefits of further devolving power to cities and city regions, which have created tailored policies to better serve communities?
In Holyrood, however, devolution appears to have stalled, and there is little appetite to pass power down to our cities, towns and communities.