The Secretary of State meets the Deputy First Minister regularly to discuss economic growth, which is this Government’s No.1 priority.
Does the Minister agree that in recent years, we have witnessed the benefits of further devolving power to cities and city regions, which have created tailored policies to better serve communities?
In Holyrood, however, devolution appears to have stalled, and there is little appetite to pass power down to our cities, towns and communities.
Does she agree that the recent Glasgow city region devolution proposal makes a compelling case for further devolution to that city region?
It does, but I am afraid that the SNP seems determined to hoard powers and funding, rather than passing them to communities.
There is no better example of that than the Labour-run council in South Lanarkshire proposing £8 million for Hamilton town centre, only for the SNP to vote against that.
That is why, tomorrow, voters in Hamilton, Larkhall and Stonehouse should back a real local champion, Labour’s Davy Russell.
What steps he is taking with the Scottish Government to support veterans in Scotland.
What steps he is taking with the Scottish Government to support veterans in Scotland.
I wish to thank veterans for their service, and their families for the sacrifices that enabled it.
As it is Volunteers Week, may I place on record my thanks and those of the whole House to the volunteers who do so much for our military charities?
I welcome the announcement of the new programme, Valour, which is giving veterans across the UK easier access to essential care and support.
The Minister for Veterans and People is leading work across the UK Government to ensure that veterans and their families have sufficient access to health services, housing, employment and other forms of support.
I regularly speak to veterans in Bishop Auckland and, although they mostly reflect positively on their military service, they often mention the need to improve homes for forces families.
Will the Minister welcome this week’s announcement that Labour will improve 3,000 forces family homes in Scotland as part of a £1.5 billion investment, and does the Minister agree that all those who serve our forces in this United Kingdom should have a home fit for a hero?
I am pleased to join my hon.
Friend in welcoming the strategic defence review, which was launched by the Prime Minister in Scotland on Monday and included more than £400 million of investment in military accommodation in Scotland.
I am sure that, like me, my hon.
Friend will be appalled that the First Minister snubbed a confidential briefing on that strategic defence review to go campaigning, during a by-election campaign, at a charity whose funding he had slashed.
A local charity in my area supports women veterans.
Recently, it was supporting a woman who was rehomed in general-purpose supported accommodation for veterans in Scotland.
The accommodation was entirely unsuitable for her as a survivor of sexual violence, and it led to her being subjected to a further sexual assault by a man who was also housed there.
Can the Minister assure me that her work with the Ministry of Defence will ensure appropriate support for women veterans?
First, I am truly sorry to hear about the experiences of my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
Support services and accommodation across the UK must reflect the needs of all our veterans, including women.
That includes the provision of safe, suitable and appropriate housing.
If she writes to me, I shall ask the Minister for Veterans and People to get in touch with her.
The previous Conservative Government had a dedicated Minister of State for veterans sitting at the Cabinet table, but that job was taken away by the new Administration.
How are the interests of veterans in Scotland being raised in Cabinet under the new Government?
The Minister for Veterans and People is doing sterling work.
His advocacy has helped to ensure that Labour will improve 3,000 forces family homes.