They are against the defence industry and against the trade deals with the EU, India and the US.
They are against young Scots in Scotland.
What discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland on improving economic co-operation between Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Our recent trade deals with the United States, India and the EU will improve access to vital markets for businesses in both Scotland and Northern Ireland.
These are deals with the most populous country in the world, the richest country in the world and our most important trading partner.
I recognise the importance of economic co-operation between Northern Ireland and Scotland.
Indeed, earlier this week I met  the hon.
Member for South Antrim (Robin Swann)  and a local business to discuss exactly this issue.
Will the Minister set up a meeting with the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland to consider creating a trade fair focusing on trade between Northern Ireland businesses and Scottish businesses?
That would create networks, would possibly create jobs, and would be great for the economy in both Northern Ireland and Scotland.
It would certainly go down well with businesses in North Down and right across the UK.
I would be delighted to see more trade between Scotland and Northern Ireland.
I will happily meet colleagues in the Northern Ireland Office to explore that.
Scotland and Northern Ireland are set to benefit from the Government’s trio of trade deals.
Does the Minister agree that it is astonishing that the SNP stands with the Tories and Reform against an EU trade deal that is good for Scotland, and that after almost 20 years in government, the SNP has no plan for Scotland?
One in six Scots is on an NHS waiting list; Ayrshire ferries are late and are costing £1 billion; one in six Scots is not in education, employment or training; and the SNP has no plan for the defence of our Union.
I agree with my hon.
Friend that it is astonishing that we see ranged on the Opposition Benches numerous people who have talked down the potential of Scotland’s exporters, and who have said that there is no benefit to be had from these deals for a Scottish business sector that is desperate to grow and export, and is delighted with the three trade deals, which will make such a difference to them.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
For years, there has been under-investment in Scotland’s roads.
The A9, A96, A77 and A75 are all in dire need of upgrading or dualling; work on all of them has been delayed or even cancelled by the SNP.
In the spirit of improving economic co-operation between the nations of the UK, and specifically between Scotland and Northern Ireland, and given how vital the A77 and A75 are to individuals, businesses and hauliers, will the Minister seek the ringfencing of the Barnett consequentials that will arise as a result of this morning’s announcement by the Chancellor, so that the SNP must spend that money on improving roads in Scotland?
We are in conversation with all the relevant parties, but yes, we would like an increase in trade, and in the transport infrastructure that supports it.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to regenerate town centres in Scotland.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to regenerate town centres in Scotland.
As a former publican, I know that these are hard times for businesses on the high street.
We are investing £200 million in our plans for neighbourhoods in Scotland, with £20 million-worth of funding for towns including Irvine, Greenock, Kilmarnock, Coatbridge, Clydebank, Elgin, Dumfries, Arbroath, Peterhead and Kirkwall.
Of course, it would help if the Scottish Government extended business rates relief to retail and leisure businesses, as has happened south of the border.
Many businesses in Scotland are asking where that money went.