If the Government do not end no-fault evictions, we will.
The Prime Minister’s personal pledge, to much fanfare, of a smokefree generation also seems to have gone up in smoke.
Where is the Bill?
We have offered the Government Labour’s votes, and they should take them.
The Victims and Prisoners Bill is languishing in the Lords.
Is that because the Government do not want the amendment tabled by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  on infected  blood to be agreed to?
If that is so, it is pretty shameful.
Will the Leader of the House promise Government support for the amended Bill?
When will we finally see details of the compensation scheme?
The Sentencing Bill is also stuck in limbo.
We have been waiting for weeks for its Committee stage.
Is it another victim of this worn-out Government?
Apparently, the Justice Secretary and the Prime Minister are at loggerheads over how to proceed, while this week the Government sneaked out further plans to release criminals early because they have lost control of prison places.
Is that not exactly what Members should be scrutinising during the passage of the Bill?
Will the Leader of the House bring it back?
Much needed and long heralded legislation to regulate English football is still nowhere to be seen.
Just this week, the Premier League shelved a new financial settlement for the football pyramid, and the English Football League is responding today.
Does the Leader of the House not agree that new powers to impose a fair deal for smaller clubs cannot come soon enough?
Fans in Bury, Macclesfield, Derby, Reading, Scunthorpe and, may I add, Portsmouth want their precious clubs saved.
If the Conservatives want to make this an election issue in those places, I say bring it on.
Let us be really clear: if they do not want to regulate football governance, then we will.
I notice the Leader of the House has not announced any further provision beyond Monday for ping-pong on the emergency Rwanda legislation.
Is that because it has now been pushed back to after Easter?
Some emergency!
To be honest, I do not want to hear “as parliamentary time allows” when there is an abundance of it.
Do we really need time on the Floor of the House for so many statutory instruments or Committee stage of the Pedicabs (London) Bill?
The Government have the time, but on those issues and more they do not have the support of their own side.
It is as if they do not have the numbers.
With every week that passes, their majority gets smaller and smaller.
This week, it was another defection.
But the reasons for their dwindling numbers do not make for pretty reading.
In no particular order: tractor porn, drug abuse, a conviction for paedophilia, breaking parliamentary rules on paid lobbying, groping, misleading Parliament, flashing at staff, tantrums because they were not given peerages, and eating camel penis.
It might sound ridiculous, but it is actually not funny.
It all brings Parliament into disrepute and drags our politics through the gutter.
And now, this week, we have had overt racism from the Conservative party’s biggest donor.
I had to check for myself yesterday that the Prime Minister really said that he was “pleased”—he was pleased—that this man, who said a black woman MP should be shot and that Indians should climb on the roof of trains, supported his party.
Is the Leader of the House pleased?
Will she use his resources in her marginal Portsmouth North constituency?
Surely, if he is a racist, which he clearly is, he has no place in the Conservative party and his money should be given back.
The truth is that the Conservatives cannot implement their own legislative programme.
They have lost control.
As  the hon.