I know the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries is looking closely at the issues around pollack.
I am happy to update my hon.
Friend on a series of other initiatives as we work through them.
Has the Secretary of State actually talked to the National Farmers Union recently?
Has he even talked to the celebrity farmer on television who we all know about?
What is the plan?
Farmers are in a period of stasis.
They do not know where they are going or how they are going to face the future, because there is no plan under this incompetent Administration.
Not only have I spoken to the new president of the NFU—he has been in my office already—but I have been on his farm to discuss these matters.
I have also been his deputy’s farm.
In fact, on being appointed Secretary of State, the first meeting I had was with the former NFU president and the first meeting in my office, within a week, was with the then president of the NFU, so I regularly engage with colleagues in the NFU.
Just this week I had a meeting with the NFU county president for Cambridgeshire.
However, I am surpassed in that engagement by the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries, who has discussions with the NFU even more frequently.
On a recent visit to Church Farm in Weston Turville in my constituency, the family who have farmed there for generations stressed how important it is for them to be able to diversify their income, for example with their very popular farm shop, which sells their produce and that of nearby farmers.
However, current planning rules limit the shop to opening on 28 days a year.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on his conversations with the Department for  Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and across Government about making it easier for farmers to diversify their income, so that we can assure the food security that is so vital to our nation?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
My focus, and that of the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries, is first and foremost on ensuring food production and food security is viable for our farmers, but diversification is also important.
I am in advanced discussions with the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities on extending permitted development rights.
To go back to the question raised by  the hon.
Member for Huddersfield (Mr Sheerman) , a certain very famous farmer has raised his frustrations in Oxfordshire.
I want to streamline permitted developments to make it easier for farmers to diversify, but first and foremost farmers want to produce food, which is my key focus.
I call the shadow Minister.
Farmers need support against potentially devastating contagious diseases, such as African swine fever.
I recently visited Dover, where the diligent Port Health Authority regularly seizes contaminated meat.
Yet next month, its DEFRA funding will be cut by 70% and, incredibly, those border checks will be moved 22 miles inland.
Why are the Conservatives putting the farmers of this country and our national security at risk?
That is a timely question.
Just yesterday I had a meeting with the chief veterinary officer to discuss our security risks, particularly in the context of bluetongue disease.
It may not be catching the House’s attention today, but I am concerned that it will become a widely debated issue by the summer.
I am actively engaged in that discussion, and the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries is having a roundtable on that live security issue next week.
Last week, I spoke at the British Veterinary Association annual dinner, which the hon.
Gentleman also attended, so he saw in first person just how engaged we are with these issues.
When his Department plans to publish its strategy for chemicals.