I will therefore make sure that both Secretaries of State have heard what she has said today.
This is an increasingly a concern and an important matter to many couples, and we must ensure that we are doing all we can to support them.
May I press the Leader of the House again on the football governance Bill and say how urgent it is?
Many of us, on both sides of the House, have clubs in our constituencies that have been on the verge of going under, and that situation is only going to get worse.
Will the Government bring the putative Bill to the Floor of the House as soon as possible?
The hon.
Gentleman has my undertaking to do that.
It is important that we bring that Bill forward; the football pyramid, at every level, needs to be supported.
I know that many hon.
Members will have had a great deal of input into the Bill and we must make sure it is perfect when it comes to this House.
During a recent visit to the Eastwood Academy, an outstanding non-selective secondary school that aims to help every child fulfil their potential, the head told me that a year 10 student had been removed from school mid-term in favour of elective home education.
The student was doing incredibly well, having come from a challenging background.
The head had only 10 days to try to engage with the parents and they would not even come into the school for a meeting.
Please may we have a debate in Government time on the process by which children can suddenly be ripped out of school, and an assurance that when children are being electively home educated, they are getting the education they rightfully deserve?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that important point.
She will appreciate that these situations are often incredibly complicated and involve many factors.
However, it is important to ensure that we know where children are and what education they are getting.
It is particularly important after the pandemic that we ensure that all children are getting access to a good education.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Meon Valley (Mrs Drummond)  introduced the Children Not in School (Registers, Support and Orders) Bill on  11 December  and its Second Reading is scheduled for Friday.
I hope we can ensure that the Bill makes progress in this Session.
It is important and, of course, it would not impede in any way people who want to home educate their children, as many do in a very good way indeed.
We had a debate in Westminster Hall on  12 December  on arms export licences for sales to Israel.
On the same day, the Foreign Secretary decided he was satisfied that there was
“good evidence to support a judgment that Israel is committed to complying with IHL”—
international humanitarian law.
It is Liberal Democrat policy to have a presumption of denial for arms sales to countries on the most recent Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office list of territories designated as human rights priority countries.
May we have a debate in Government time on that list of human rights priority  countries, so that we may better interdict Iranian arms supplies to Hamas and Hezbollah, but also look again at UK arms exports to Israel?
I will certainly ensure that the Department for Business and Trade, which has oversight of this matter, is aware of what the hon.
Gentleman has said.
The House scrutinises the policies and procedures that surround arms export controls.
We are very transparent and we have one of the most rigorous regimes in the world.
I am sure that we would welcome further scrutiny of it, because I think it is a sound policy.
Last week, we saw a Budget that delivered lower taxes and high economic growth.