Last week, I spoke at the British Veterinary Association annual dinner, which the hon.
Gentleman also attended, so he saw in first person just how engaged we are with these issues.
When his Department plans to publish its strategy for chemicals.
This Government are committed to protecting human health and the environment, and we will be setting out our priorities for addressing risks from chemicals in due course.
To be clear, though, the new draft strategy sets out that our chemicals policy and regulatory decisions will be independent of the EU; they will be bespoke to the UK.
The cosmetics sector is often overlooked, perhaps because we are unwilling to show how dependent we are on that sector, or perhaps because so many of the 550,000 people who work in that sector are women.
The Cosmetic, Toiletry and Perfumery Association manifesto makes it clear that it requires a safe and sustainable supply of chemicals within a robust, internationally  compatible regulatory framework.
Is it not clear that this ongoing chaos with the chemicals strategy means that what it actually requires is a change of Government?
A great many people from that industry were at an international women’s event about sustainability that I spoke at yesterday.
In our engagement on the new alternative transition model, which involves working with the industry very closely, we are taking into account the fact that supply chains are complicated, that they operate cross border, and that the sector values access.
We will be consulting on the strategy very shortly.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Minister told me in January this year that the chemicals strategy will be produced next year, before correcting it to this year.
Whether it is this year, next year or sometime never, does she agree that the strategy will be worth the paper it is written on only if the UK regulations catch up with other countries and stop hazardous substances being dumped here, damaging our environment and public health?
As the hon.
Member will know, there is a global framework on chemicals.
I attended a conference on the UN global framework on chemicals back in September in Bonn.
We signed up to the framework, which is binding, sets targets and international commitments, and relates to finance capacity-building, so that we can soundly manage and handle our chemicals and waste, and that is exactly what we are doing with our bespoke UK strategy.
I call the Chair of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee.
What recent assessment he has made of UK food security.
Food security is a top priority for the Government and we are committed to continuing to grow 60% of our food here in the UK.
To back up those plans, we are introducing an annual food security index and we are currently developing the content of that index.
We want to strike the right balance between food production and the natural environment, which is why all the actions in the sustainable farming incentive work to support food production and the environment.
Does the Minister share my concerns that a perfect storm may be brewing?
With grain prices on the floor, a third of the wheat crop either not being drilled or flooded out, and rape being increasingly difficult to establish, some of the long-term, multi-annual stewardship options are becoming increasingly attractive.
And that is not to mention those idiots in Wales taking 20% of land out of production.
Does he share my concerns?
That is something we consistently and constantly review to make sure that we are striking that right balance between food production and the environment.
We will continue to do that to make sure that we do not see such perverse incentives.
Certainly, given the challenge of the weather this season and the difficulties with planting cereal crops, we will continue to look at whether that balance is right.