There was a little good news this week: hopefully, there will be some proper Government redress for victims of the shocking Post Office Horizon scandal, although there is still no comfort for the infected blood scandal victims.
I met the International Consortium of British Pensioners recently, and I fear that another scandal is about to break in the form of frozen pensions.
There are now so many scandals that it is hard to keep track.
Something does not work in this place if so many can build up under successive Governments of different political hues.
Unfortunately, the Leader of the House’s party distinguished itself again this week by choosing money over morality in its grubby handling of the racist comments allegedly made about one of our colleagues in this House.
At the very least, a debate to re-examine how parties are funded is called for.
The “Seven Up!”
series was recently deemed to be the most influential television series of the last 50 years.
Well, 14 years is well and truly up for this terrible Government, but apparently we cannot be put out of our Tory misery yet because their junior Members have debts and need the extra months to build up some reserves.
Does the Leader of the House agree that that is not much of an excuse?
I welcome the hon.
Lady’s welcome of the Post Office (Horizon System) Offences Bill, which I hope her party will support.
She knows that we will shortly bring forward measures to rectify the situation on infected blood.
These scandals did not arise under this Administration, but we have gripped the issues.
The infected blood issue had been left for decades, but we have investigated and set up inquiries and are compensating the victims.
I hope the House will support us in doing so on both matters.
The hon.
Lady insinuates that I dodge questions, but I do not.
She said six weeks ago that she would write to me with a list of all the questions I have not answered, but she has not yet done so.
The SNP never fails to disappoint.
The hon.
Lady asks about sound administration and about money over morality, in a week in which it has been discovered that the Scottish Government have presided over a six-figure sum of Scottish taxpayers’ money being spent on an art installation that promises a
“magical, erotic journey through a distinctly Scottish landscape.”
That is known to the rest of us as a hardcore porn movie.
I am glad that the SNP is interested in good governance and improving administration, particularly with reference to Brexit.
Let me see how I can help to improve the Scottish Government’s effectiveness in that regard.
There has been criticism this week that the SNP is blowing taxpayers’ cash on copious embassies and lobbying to rejoin the EU.
That camper van must be out of the police pound soon, so why not turn it into a mobile embassy that can drive between Brussels and European capitals to lobby for EU membership?
If the SNP wants to continue funding innovative film projects, perhaps it could double up and ask Cliff Richard to come along and produce a sequel to “Summer Holiday”, which would have the added bonus of cutting down the SNP’s need to blow more taxpayers’ cash on overseas jollies.
I am here to help.
I have a lot of time for  the hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell) , but I need to clear my name.
I strode across Victoria Tower Gardens yesterday to put my boot into my miserabilist colleagues who are demanding an early general election.
I said to Gary Gibbon that, with incomes rising, inflation falling, the economy growing and the plan working, why  2 May ?
I am rolling up my sleeves to man the ramparts in November.
My question is: can we have an urgent debate on foot in mouth disease?