May I ask the Leader of the House whether, following consultations, there might be a statement before or after Easter on inclusivity in Parliament?
We rightly want to embrace and value difference and diversity, whether of a person’s race, gender, other characteristics, background or experience.
The word that is missing is “sex”.
Over the last five years, those who are gender critical have raised all sorts of issues, including the constant use of puberty blockers for children and the attack on the  LGB Alliance for not swallowing what Stonewall and Mermaids persuaded many Government Departments and agencies to do, which was to disregard sex completely.
While wanting to support trans people and make sure that they can have a life free from bigotry and fear, would it be possible for the House to examine its own policies on inclusiveness and try to ensure that the word “sex” is included along with the other characteristics for which people should not be discriminated against?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important point, and I know that many members of the House of Commons Commission will have heard what he has said.
This is a very important matter.
When the Government have put forward measures—for example, to protect single-sex spaces, which are important and valued by many people in this country—we have also been reassuring about what that means for trans people and those living in a different gender.
It is perfectly possible to do both, and I think that the House having a further focus on the issue is a very good suggestion.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
May I, too, wish everyone a happy Ramadan and pay my respects to the family of Tommy McAvoy?
Well, here we are again: trying to get the answers that the Leader of the House does not want to—and indeed never does—supply to our sticky, inconvenient questions.
I will begin with the dream that dare not speak its name here: Brexit.
The Resolution Foundation tells us that the UK’s goods exports and imports have contracted by far more than those of any other G7 country, largely due to Brexit.
Things are now so dire in Brexitland that even news of a GDP uplift of just 0.2% is fallen upon by Brexiteers like starving pigeons on the crust of the stalest bread.
The Conservative party aims to shrink suffering public services even further, as evidenced in last week’s Budget, so should there not be some discussion, or even a debate, about the huge uplift in civil service jobs that Brexit seems to have required since the EU referendum in 2016?
Despite all the glorious promises of strength and environmental protections in this freer, fairer and better-off Britian, we are seeing green policies abandoned right, left and centre by both the Tory and Labour parties.
A hapless Minister even tried to tell us yesterday that building new gas-powered plants is good for the environment—a suggestion that seems to be supported by shadow Environment Ministers too.
Once again, Labour presents one face down here and entirely another up in Scotland.
Frustratingly, all the warning signs of Brexit impacts, across a huge range of sectors, come in bits and pieces.
Surely what is needed is for the Government to collate all the impacts and present the results to the British people, so that they can properly judge whether Brexit has been a success.
Can the Leader of the House help to facilitate that?
There was a little good news this week: hopefully, there will be some proper Government redress for victims of the shocking Post Office Horizon scandal, although there is still no comfort for the infected blood scandal victims.
I met the International Consortium of British Pensioners recently, and I fear that another scandal is about to break in the form of frozen pensions.
There are now so many scandals that it is hard to keep track.