It was good to meet my hon.
Friend just this week to discuss that issue.
I encourage all those in the packaging sector, and those involved in the industry, to keep feeding information to my officials.
We are reviewing EPR at the moment—we have a dedicated roll-out plan for it—but we are very keen to hear from the industry.
The Government promised to ban plastic in wet wipes nearly a year ago, on  3 April  last year, but there is still no ban in place.
Will the Minister protect nature by banning plastic in wet wipes now?
I am extremely keen to get the ban on wet wipes delivered.
Has the hon.
Lady spoken to her colleagues in the Welsh Labour Government?
As she knows, these things need to go through with agreement from the devolved Administrations.
I can assure her that I am pressing very hard on that, and hope to have something to announce very soon. [
Interruption.]
I will take the chuntering from the Labour Front Benchers into those discussions.
Ministers are already aware of the success of my quarterly water summits, which have caused Anglian Water to beat the Government target for reducing storm overflows by five years and to pilot all-year-round testing of our bathing waters.
However, one agency consistency failed to attend: the Environment Agency.
Will the Minister come to the next summit and bring the Environment Agency with him?
There is no doughtier champion than my hon.
Friend, who has been lobbying me on this issue.
I am happy to commit to the Environment Agency attending her next summit, and I will also attend in person.
British farmers produce some of the very best produce in the world, but the trend in supermarkets selling it is going in the wrong direction.
Will the Minister support Liberal Democrat proposals to invest an additional £1 billion in British farming, and reform environmental land management schemes so that they genuinely incentivise sustainable farming?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that British farmers produce among the best food in the world, but I do not agree that the trend is deteriorating—quite the opposite.
We have the Buy British campaign, which a number of supermarkets have already signed up to; the public sector review—the Quince review—is under way; and we are looking at labelling, and how we better empower consumers to buy food with good animal welfare standards.
There is a lot of progress, and it reflects the great standards we have for British food.
Can my hon.
Friend update the House on the responses to the consultation on the 27 bids for bathing water status—one of which, of course, is for the River Nidd and the lido in Knaresborough?
My officials have been inundated with a huge number of responses to the consultations on the 27 bathing water sites.
My hon.
Friend is a doughty campaigner for the River Nidd; I cannot say anything at the moment, but he will not have to wait too long before hearing the outcome.
Lidl has become the first supermarket to roll out a deposit return scheme across the whole city of Glasgow.
Will  the Secretary of State commend Lidl on doing what he blocked the Scottish Government from rolling out across Scotland?
I always commend supermarkets that are being innovative, but part of the problem with the initiative in Scotland was the amount of push-back from industry.
That is why the Scottish Government pulled it.
Extended producer responsibility will add financial burdens to amazing food producers, such as Wilkin & Sons in Tiptree in my constituency, so can the Secretary of State say what he is doing to keep financial costs down and reduce red tape for great British food manufacturers?
As my right hon.
Friend knows, we are kindred spirits in trying to keep the amount of red tape and regulation down.