So far as I was able to, I reprised that visit when I went to the region most recently, and I was surprised at the difference in the level of violence used.
I was able to visit a Bedouin village and talk to those who feel that at a very difficult time for the farming community, during lambing, they were being pushed off their land.
I listened very carefully to what the hon.
Gentleman said, and I reassure him that the Government continue to keep this issue under review.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
I welcome the Attorney General’s comments.
I think every one of us shares the desire for the fighting to stop, and respect for the International Court of Justice.
However, does she agree that it is important to be careful when we use legal terms in broader political debate?
For example, the test of plausibility in the jurisprudence of the International Court of Justice is essentially about the admissibility of a claim, rather than its ultimate merits.
The Court itself has described that, in a judgment involving Myanmar, as a “low threshold”.
It is important not to make more of a preliminary finding than we should before final litigation is completed.
As ever, the Chairman of the Select Committee makes a very important point, and may I take this opportunity to congratulate him from  the Dispatch Box on becoming an honorary KC, which I understand will happen on Monday?
I am sure that the whole House will want to join me in saying that he is extremely worthy of this very significant honour, and we are all thrilled that it will be given.
He does make an important point: words really matter; there will shortly be a statement to the House about that, and about the meaning of the term “extremism.”
It is very important that we all choose our words carefully, particularly when it comes to this long-running and difficult conflict.
We respect the rulings of the ICJ—of course we do—but that does not mean that we think every case before it is well brought.
On the issue of international conventions, treaties and international law, including international humanitarian law and the international refugee convention, will the Attorney General place in the Library over the weekend a legal statement on the circumstances in which international law is trumped by clear and unambiguous words in an Act of Parliament?
Will she include in that statement the necessary citations from the Supreme Court and the House of Lords?
My hon.
Friend is a great and long-standing Member of this House, and is able to ask questions the answers to which might not automatically be obvious.
We are talking here about Palestinian and Israeli counterparts being in compliance with international law, but I am of course delighted to say again to my hon.
Friend that this Government are committed to international law—we have said that repeatedly from the Dispatch Box—and I do not see any need to lay a statement such as he suggests, but I will continue to enjoy our conversations on this topic.
This week, in the other place, the Foreign Secretary said on the tragic conflict in the middle east:
“You have to obey the rules and obey the law”.—[Official Report, House of Lords,  12 March 2024 ; Vol.
836, c. 1915.]
That is an important affirmation from this Government that Israel both has a right to self-defence and very much has a duty to obey international humanitarian law.
Can the Attorney General reaffirm that the Government will continue to stress both that right and that duty in this conflict, which we all want to end as soon as possible?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point, and I would not like any Member of this House to be in any doubt: we all, across this House, want the fighting to stop now.