I said to Gary Gibbon that, with incomes rising, inflation falling, the economy growing and the plan working, why  2 May ?
I am rolling up my sleeves to man the ramparts in November.
My question is: can we have an urgent debate on foot in mouth disease?
“Foot in mouth” or “foot and mouth”?
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I am pleased that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Broxbourne (Sir Charles Walker)  is in the Chamber to set the record straight and to request a debate on foot and mouth disease.
Because of his energetic question, I will write to the Secretary of State to ask him to consider what my hon.
Friend has said.
As for the rest of what my hon.
Friend said, we thank him for it.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
I declare an interest, as I am a member of the Tyneside Irish centre, which is handily placed because of its proximity to St James’s Park in Newcastle upon Tyne city centre.
With that in mind, I wish all members of the Irish diaspora a very happy St Patrick’s day on Sunday.
The Committee is still open for applications for Westminster Hall debates on Tuesday mornings and Thursday afternoons after the Easter recess, but we are a little disappointed that we have not been allocated a little more Chamber time before the recess.
The cost of childcare is a significant barrier to work for many parents, and the increase in funded places will be welcome but, with the first phase coming into effect in April, many parents are reporting difficulty in obtaining the promised funded places and very significant cost increases for the non-funded element.
Can we have a debate in Government time on the impact of the first phase of the scheme; on the accessibility and affordability of the scheme; and on whether the scheme, as it currently stands, will effectively remove the childcare barrier to work and fulfil its promise to parents?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for all the work he is doing for his Committee.
I hear his appeal for more time and I will soon be able to give him some information about that.
As for our childcare policy, this is a priority for the Secretary of State for Education and I will make sure that she has heard his concerns today.
It is one of the many elements we are bringing forward to enable people to remain economically active and grow their household income.
It is a very important service, which is why have done this.
It is an unprecedented, generous package for parents and we must ensure that all parents who want to access it can do so.
Yesterday, I hosted my second parliamentary fertility treatment drop-in, where we had the likes of Fertility Matters at Work, LGBT Mummies and Fertility Network UK.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is time we looked at access to fertility treatment and ensured that employers provide time off work for people undertaking it?
May we have a debate in Government time to discuss this important subject?
On behalf of all of us, I thank my hon.
Friend for all the work she does on this important matter.
It is primarily an issue for the Department of Health and Social Care, but some of the issues she raises will fall to the Department for Work and Pensions.
I will therefore make sure that both Secretaries of State have heard what she has said today.
This is an increasingly a concern and an important matter to many couples, and we must ensure that we are doing all we can to support them.
May I press the Leader of the House again on the football governance Bill and say how urgent it is?