How does he intend to do this?
As I said, we have already seen water companies want to invest £96 billion over the next price review cycle.
I recently visited York, and work is being undertaken by Yorkshire Water to address sewage pollution spills.
Ofwat has already been given powers to take a much tougher approach to bosses’ bonuses, if their companies are deemed to have been polluting.
This Government will continue to hold water companies to account.
I welcome the action that this Government are taking to improve water quality, but in Wales, which has some of the worst levels of sewage pollution, there are no legally binding targets for the water companies to reduce sewage or to upgrade their waste water treatment plants, and there is no overall reduction plan for sewage.
There are not even any prosecutions, because the policy in Wales is not to prosecute these companies.
Does the Minister know which party is running the Administration in Wales?
I share my right hon.
Friend’s concerns about Labour’s failure to tackle spills from storm overflows in Wales, where the average number of spills from storm overflows is two thirds higher than in England.
I am not surprised by this, because we know that when Labour was last in government in 2010, only 7% of storm overflows were monitored, compared with 100% today.
Ninety per cent of bathing waters are now classed as good or excellent, compared with just 76% under Labour in 2010.
Drinking water is treated with both ultraviolet light and chlorine before it goes into our taps, so it is perfectly safe.
Water that goes through water treatment works is treated but not necessarily disinfected by the use of UV, unless it is heading towards a designated bathing water.
France is hosting the Olympics in Paris, and the Seine is being treated with performic acid.
One place in this country, Southwold, is using performic acid right now, but scientists from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and the Environment Agency have so far been reluctant to roll it out.
If it is good enough for people to swim in the Seine during the Olympics, surely it is good enough to start using this treatment, which is cheaper and could be deployed across our country.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for raising this important issue, and I reassure her that I am having conversations with officials not only in the Environment Agency but in DEFRA on this very issue.
I am more than happy to meet her so she can share her knowledge from when she was Secretary of State.
I call the shadow Minister.
It is clear from what we have heard that the Minister is here to tell us how well the Government and the water companies are doing.
Meanwhile, out there in the real world, the recent “State of Our Rivers” report exposed that not one English river is in a good overall condition.
The capital’s water supplier is on the brink of collapse, and the only solution that the Government are even considering was stolen from the Labour party.
Is it not the truth that what Britian’s rivers really cannot afford is five more years of this useless Government?
When the Leader of the Opposition says that he would want Wales to be his blueprint if Labour gets into power in England, I fear for this country.
We have seen far worse water pollution under Welsh Labour, as has already been said.
We will continue with our plan for water, which is about more investment, stronger regulation and much tougher enforcement against those who pollute.
Whether he has had recent discussions with Thames Water on its proposals for the Teddington direct river abstraction project.
DEFRA, supported by the Environment Agency, is currently seeking clarification from Thames Water on its revised draft water resources management plan to help inform the next steps for the Teddington project.