As we covered earlier, we continue to address the threat from the bluetongue virus.
I can confirm to the House that I have acted on the representations of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Penrith and The Border (Dr Hudson)  on extending the neutering deadline for XL Bully dogs by some months, from  30 January 2024  until  30 June 2025 .
Finally, tomorrow the Minister responsible for nature will announce the successful bids for species restoration grants, building on the progress on biodiversity net gain.
We have only 10 minutes for topicals.
That is the problem.
Is my right hon.
Friend aware that the inflexibility, bureaucracy and cost of the seasonal poultry workers scheme make it prohibitive for businesses such as Kelly Turkeys in my constituency to hire labour for just a few weeks in the run-up to Christmas?
Will he urge the Home Office to include it within the existing seasonal agricultural workers scheme, thus allowing producers to use labour that is already in the country?
My right hon.
Friend raises an important point.
Of course, there are 2,000 seasonal worker visas to meet the demand in the run-up to Christmas.
He will know that from my time as the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, when I dealt with the issue of turkey supplies before Christmas, I am happy to look at that issue.
He is talking about a finite period, and I will make those representations to Home Office colleagues.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Last month, I visited Newcastle-under-Lyme with local campaigner Adam Jogee to meet residents who are literally choking on toxic fumes from the Walleys Quarry landfill site.
More than 10,000 residents have complained about the stench, and a five-year-old child ended up in hospital.
Will the Secretary of State publish all correspondence between DEFRA, the Environment Agency and the operator, so that residents in Newcastle-under-Lyme can see why the site has not been closed down?
No one could have done more to highlight the issue than the constituency MP.
Indeed, the Minister with responsibility for water has already been to Walleys Quarry to look at first hand.
Having spoken directly to the chief executive of the Environment  Agency, I know that everything that can be done within the law is being done.
That is the assurance that the Minister and I have had from the chief exec of the Environment Agency.
Indeed, enforcement action was taken recently at that specific site.
I chair the all-party parliamentary group on fisheries.
I welcome the limited help that the Department is giving to a few pollack-catching hand-liners, but it will not help the vast majority of fishermen in my constituency who rely on that stock.
Will the Minister speak to the Treasury to see whether there is any way to look at compensation for those boats, or at least at decommissioning help?
The Government recognise the huge challenge faced by pollack fishers.
We are trying to offer funding to help those most affected.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend’s campaign and that of my hon.
Friends the Members for Truro and Falmouth (Cherilyn Mackrory) and for St Austell and Newquay (Steve Double) in raising the issues.
We are helping those fishermen through the fisheries and seafood scheme, as well as with a new scientific study, but the Secretary of State and I are personally looking at what other options may be available to help and support.
I know that my hon.
Friend  the Member for South East Cornwall (Mrs Murray)  will continue her pursuit of this issue and support for her constituents.
The public have the right to access just 8% of land in England, including thousands of access islands that can only be reached by trespassing.