All of us across the House appreciate the vital role played by local individuals and volunteer groups in constituencies.
One such group in my constituency is the Friends Together Club, based in Coatbridge, which has been running for seven years and makes a real difference to the lives of 150 local people with additional support needs.
Will the Leader of the House join me in welcoming the thrilling news that the following individuals are to be recognised by the Sovereign Military Hospitaller Order of Saint John of Jerusalem, of Rhodes and of Malta?
Liam Hackett will receive the cross of merit and Ena Hamill the silver medal, while Elainne McDermott, Patrick Allen, Yvonne Crowley and Elizabeth Locke will receive a bronze medal.
This is a truly outstanding recognition, and richly deserved.
May we have a debate in Government time about the importance of community volunteers across the United Kingdom, and the valuable work that they do for us?
All of us across the House appreciate the vital role played by local individuals and volunteer groups in constituencies.
One such group in my constituency is the Friends Together Club, based in Coatbridge, which has been running for seven years and makes a real difference to the lives of 150 local people with additional support needs.
Will the Leader of the House join me in welcoming the thrilling news that the following individuals are to be recognised by the Sovereign Military Hospitaller Order of Saint John of Jerusalem, of Rhodes and of Malta?
Liam Hackett will receive the cross of merit and Ena Hamill the silver medal, while Elaine McDermott, Patrick Allen, Yvonne Cawley and Elizabeth Locke will receive a bronze medal.
This is a truly outstanding recognition, and richly deserved.
May we have a debate in Government time about the importance of community volunteers across the United Kingdom, and the valuable work that they do for us?
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps his Department is taking to help protect rural communities in flood-risk areas.
Around 45% of the Government’s £5.2 billion investment in flood protection is targeted at rural communities, and the Minister for Water is allocating £75 million of funding specifically to internal drainage boards, which, again, serve many rural constituencies.
I thank the Secretary of State for his answer.
In recent months, parts of North Warwickshire and Bedworth, including Austrey, Polesworth and the Woodlands, have seen significant and unprecedented flooding, which has caused real damage to houses and businesses and upheaval for local residents.
Will the Secretary of State set out what other steps can be taken to prevent this from happening and to stop these situations becoming the norm?
My hon.
Friend has been a real constituency champion in highlighting some of the flooding issues that have occurred in North Warwickshire and Bedworth.
Of the Environment Agency investment over six years, £24 million is going specifically into protecting 800 properties, and I know we will have further discussions on the work that he is doing locally to tackle flooding.
I thank the Secretary of State for his response.
As he will know, the Northern Ireland Assembly is back up and running.
We have a Minister in place to deal with flooding, but money must be spent wisely and effectively.
What discussions has the Secretary of State had with the Northern Ireland Assembly Minister at this early stage to ensure that lessons learned here on the mainland can be used back home, where over the past year flooding has become an exceptional problem that worries many people?
I think the whole House welcomes the fact that the Assembly is back up and running.
The hon.
Gentleman will appreciate that I am very keen, as a former Chief Secretary to the Treasury, that money is spent in a value-for-money way.