We are very transparent and we have one of the most rigorous regimes in the world.
I am sure that we would welcome further scrutiny of it, because I think it is a sound policy.
Last week, we saw a Budget that delivered lower taxes and high economic growth.
It contained measures, such as freezing fuel duty, support for childcare and changes to child benefit, from which areas like Gillingham and Rainham will benefit.
However, will the Leader of the House ask the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to make a statement on how the 20 town centres were chosen for levelling-up investment and regeneration, and how the criteria were applied?
Gillingham has not had any funding, despite representations to the Secretary of State, so my constituents, like any other constituents, want to know how the criteria are applied and that decisions are made on a fair, open and transparent basis.
I thank my hon.
Friend for being a champion for his constituents, in particular by trying to get levelling-up funding.
He will know that the processes that assess where funding is directed are independent of Ministers, and that the criteria and grading are transparent.
He will also know that where people have not been successful, the Department has quite often worked with local authorities and Members of the House to improve the bids put forward.
I encourage my hon.
Friend to go and talk to the Secretary of State, and I will ensure he knows that my hon.
Friend has raised the issue today.
Oldham is a wonderful place but it is not without challenges.
The local community is concerned about the number of young people who have been drawn into gang activity and who are at risk of child criminal exploitation.
Figures over the last two years show that 312 young people have been identified as being at risk of exploitation.
We have had five section 60 stop and searches in place over the last year because of the number of knife incidents.
Can we have a debate in Government time on what is being done in urban areas where criminal exploitation is not being checked?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this important matter.
I encourage him to raise it with his local police and crime commissioner, as I am sure he has.
I will ensure that the Home Secretary has heard what he has said today, but I would encourage him to address the issue with his local constabulary and the police and crime commissioner.
Education is the bedrock to levelling up in Stoke-on-Trent North, Kidsgrove and Talke.
I am delighted by the improvement since 2010, with some 92% of schools now rated “good”  or “outstanding”.
Mill Hill Primary Academy and New Ford Academy in Smallthorne have both recently received “outstanding” status.
Sadly, Labour’s abysmal and dismal record looms large and haunts Stoke-on-Trent.
Thanks to Labour, 88 schools are languishing in disastrous private finance initiative deals.
Recent hikes to the charges facing those schools could put staff livelihoods at risk, as well as undermining the very fabric of what we are trying to do, which is to turn education around in our great city after Labour’s abysmal failure.
Will the Leader of the House assist me in securing an Adjournment debate or a Westminster Hall debate so that I can raise these matters directly with the relevant Department, in order to ensure that those 88 schools can and will be protected?