I think the whole House welcomes the fact that the Assembly is back up and running.
The hon.
Gentleman will appreciate that I am very keen, as a former Chief Secretary to the Treasury, that money is spent in a value-for-money way.
I was in the Northern Ireland Secretary’s constituency just last week to discuss a range of issues in Northern Ireland, and I am very keen that we learn from each other about the best ways to tackle flooding.
What steps he is taking to encourage supermarkets to promote British produce.
I welcome the campaign of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bosworth (Dr Evans)  and the action taken by some supermarkets to introduce a “buy British” button online, and I strongly support their efforts to encourage consumers to pick high-quality British produce.
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has launched a consultation on fairer food labelling to help promote British produce and statutory codes that ensure that British farmers get a fair price for their goods.
One of the best ways we can support British farmers is by choosing to buy British food.
It is good for the environment, reduces food miles and improves our food security, because we are importing less produce.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Farming Minister join me in specifically congratulating Morrisons, Aldi, Sainsbury’s and Ocado, which all now have the “buy British” button online so that consumers can easily find British food to buy?
What we see is that consumers want to buy top-quality British food.
I congratulate those supermarkets, and I encourage others to consider whether they may want to introduce a “buy British” button for online sales.
What recent assessment he has made of the cleanliness of England’s waterways.
What recent assessment he has made of the cleanliness of England’s waterways.
What recent progress his Department has made on improving water quality.
We know how important clean water is to the public, and we share their concern and outrage about pollution in waterways.
That is why we have increased monitoring of storm overflows in England from 7% under Labour in 2010 to 100% today, and we are now holding water companies to account on tackling pollution by quadrupling the  number of checks, increasing unannounced inspections, giving Ofwat new powers to block bonuses, and taking action against water companies that do not link dividends to environmental performance.
Households across the north-west could see their water bills rise by nearly 40% by 2030 as water companies look to consumers to meet the costs of much-need infrastructure upgrades.
Do the Government agree that the cost of stemming the flow of sewage into our waterways should be met by the water companies and the shareholders who were received hundreds of millions of pounds in payouts last year, not by the hard- working British public?
The Government are absolutely clear that no one should pay extra for water companies to clean up our rivers.
We are pleased that water companies have promised a £96 billion investment over the next five years across England and Wales, and we will continue to hold polluters to account.
Just this week, we announced a fast-track investment of £180 million over the next 12 months to prevent more than 800,000 sewage spills from polluting English waterways.
We should not have an open sewer flowing through the city of York and, when it floods, flowing into businesses and people’s homes.
While water company executives have pocketed £10 million in bonuses, my constituents have had to put up with 1,414 sewage releases.
When will the Minister end this profiteering and invest in upgrading York’s sewerage infrastructure?
How does he intend to do this?
As I said, we have already seen water companies want to invest £96 billion over the next price review cycle.
I recently visited York, and work is being undertaken by Yorkshire Water to address sewage pollution spills.