I am grateful to the right hon.
Lady for raising that.
I am horrified by a great number of the findings.
There is clearly a lot of work here.
Things are clearly moving in the right direction, and much of the work being undertaken by the CPS is on liaising with victims and ensuring that their experience  is as easy as possible, in the hugely traumatic circumstances.
There is a lot more to do on joint working, but I am happy to continue liaising with her, in order to update her as this goes forward.
What steps the Crown Prosecution Service is taking to improve the experience of victims of crime in Kettering constituency.
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to hear that CPS East Midlands is now making charging decisions for rape cases more quickly.
In 2022 and 2023, the area was performing better than the national average on reducing victim attrition.
I thank the Crown Prosecution Service for the work it does in prosecuting offenders and seeking justice for victims in Kettering.
What overall assessment has the Solicitor General made of the effectiveness of the CPS across the east midlands?
The Attorney General visited the CPS East Midlands office in Leicester just last month, and she tells me that she was impressed to hear about the work that prosecutors have been undertaking to tackle recent and historical instances of child sexual abuse in particular, securing lengthy sentences for the perpetrators.
That is an excellent example of the importance of joint working between prosecutors and the police, which I have referred to.
rose—
Are you the shadow MP for Kettering or something?
I hope this is linked to the question.
I welcome the Minister’s answer.
The Minister is responsible not only for Kettering and the east midlands, but for the United Kingdom.
What one- to-one support can be offered to victims of sexual crime across the United Kingdom, to improve their experience of the criminal justice system?
I congratulate the hon.
Gentleman on his ingenuity in managing to squeeze that in.
That was an excellent bit of Order Paper operation.
I am happy to meet him to talk about what we are doing in his area to smooth the experience of victims of crime who have  to go through the criminal justice system.
They have suffered trauma already; the system should not add to that.
What steps the Crown Prosecution Service is taking to prosecute people for the trafficking of vulnerable adults and children into the UK.
The CPS has specially trained prosecutors who work closely with law enforcement agencies to bring to justice those who commit the heinous crimes to which the hon.
Lady refers.
The CPS has, for example, recently obtained convictions in the first prosecution for trafficking people for organ  harvesting.
That presented many complex and difficult challenges, and I commend the teams in the CPS for their work on that.
Last year, the number of potential UK victims of modern slavery reached a record level, with referrals for women and children both at all-time highs.
In 2022, the average wait for a first decision in modern slavery cases was six days.
In 2023, it was 23 days.
Modern slavery is getting worse, not better, and now the UK Government are actively making progress on seeking to strip people of modern slavery protections.
When will the Government accept that this is a crisis, and take the urgent action needed?
The hon.
Lady is quite right to draw attention to the seriousness of this crime, but the Government accept the urgency, which is why, for example, we have the CPS available to provide early advice to law enforcement in exactly the cases that she refers to.
We have specialist prosecutors providing that advice, so that we have the right advice and the right charges against the right people at the right time.