Given the forcible displacement taking place, the demolition of homes and structures, the near famine in Gaza, and the expansion of illegal settlements in the occupied west bank worsening daily, how does the Attorney General—who has seen all this stuff with her own eyes—propose to uphold international law before it is too late?
The hon.
Lady and I served on the Justice Committee together, and I know that she shares my deep feeling that we must do everything we can to make sure that international humanitarian law is respected in the region.
The UK has repeatedly raised with Israel the need to limit operations to military targets, to protect health facilities, and to avoid harming civilians.
The Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary have repeatedly raised those matters with their counterparts.
The UK Government’s less than wholehearted endorsement of the ICJ process and the International Criminal Court war crimes investigation, which is led by British lawyers, means that the alternative is that people increasingly turn to violence.
That is the view of the Israeli civil society organisations that came to meet us yesterday, with the co-operation of Yachad.
We have to uphold international law.
Will the Attorney General recommit to both those processes?
The hon.
Gentleman has long campaigned on these issues, so I know that he feels particularly passionately about the region as well.
I am absolutely happy to commit this Government once again to upholding, where ever we can, international humanitarian law.
Across this House, there is a great deal of consensus: we want the fighting to stop now.
We are calling for an immediate pause to get aid in and the hostages out, and  then to progress to a permanent ceasefire.
We applaud the part of the ICJ’s provisional measures order that calls for exactly that.
It is seven weeks since the ICJ issued its interim ruling on Israel’s conduct in Gaza.
The Netanyahu Government have failed to comply with that ruling, and we are still waiting for the UK Government to urge them to do so.
Will the Attorney General today call on Israel to take the steps it was ordered to take by the Court?
We do not feel that that case was particularly helpful at this moment in the negotiations.
We absolutely respect the ICJ—I have appeared there myself—and we of course understand that the interim measures order is binding on the parties.
As I said to  the hon.
Member for Hammersmith (Andy Slaughter) , elements of that order are extremely sensible, and we wholeheartedly respect them.
We call, as the ICJ has done, for aid to go in and the hostages to come out immediately.
That is the right way to proceed if we are ever to achieve a permanent ceasefire and, ultimately, a resolution of this dreadful conflict.
However, we do not think terms such as “genocide”, without a formal final ruling of the Court, are particularly helpful to use.
I welcome the Attorney General’s strong condemnation of settler violence against Bedouin communities in the Occupied Palestinian Territories, and I also welcome the sanctions recently imposed on some of those involved in the violence.
Based on her recent visit, does she think that there is a need to go further and sanction those extremist Israeli politicians who are encouraging the violent and illegal expansion of settlements?
When I visited the region with  the hon.
Member for York Central (Rachael Maskell)  many years ago, we saw some of the actions of settlers in the occupied territories.
So far as I was able to, I reprised that visit when I went to the region most recently, and I was surprised at the difference in the level of violence used.
I was able to visit a Bedouin village and talk to those who feel that at a very difficult time for the farming community, during lambing, they were being pushed off their land.
I listened very carefully to what the hon.