The truth is that the Conservatives cannot implement their own legislative programme.
They have lost control.
As  the hon.
Member for Broxbourne (Sir Charles Walker)  said last night:
“the Conservative party is unleadable and…for the sake of the nation, it’s better to go early than allow this psychodrama to continue.”
He’s right, isn’t he?
May I start by wishing all who are marking it in the UK and around the world a blessed Ramadan?
I join the tribute paid by  the hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell)  to Tommy McAvoy.
I am sure many Members will pay tribute to him in the coming days and weeks.
I also thank my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Maidenhead (Mrs May)  for her service and friendship over many years.
This House may be losing her, but I know she has many more years of public service ahead of her.
The hon.
Member for Manchester Central focuses first on the legislative programme.
She will know that 26 Bills have already been introduced in this Session and that four have reached Royal Assent.
She will know that last Session we did 43 Bills, and broke many records in terms of private Members’ Bills and the amount of legislation we were able to get through.
She will know the passage of the Bills that are going through both Houses at the moment, and she will also know that we will shortly bring through a Bill on football governance.
This is a programme of work that we initiated following a review that was conducted with the help of many clubs around the country.
When we bring legislation to the House, it will need to have the confidence of the English Football League, and, having attended many events with the EFL myself, I know that that is clear and understood.
The hon.
Lady claimed that the Conservatives had no energy left for legislation, suggesting that we were not bringing measures forward and that we were a zombie Parliament, but I am afraid that it is the Opposition who are the zombies in this Chamber.
The House rises early when the Opposition are not opposing.
The Committee stage of the Finance Bill was completed in 30 minutes, and in recent times the Opposition have found it hard even to find speakers for their own debates.
It is they who are displaying zombie tendencies.
It is often tempting to refer to the Leader of the Opposition as the Knight of the Living Dead, and in stark contrast I commend the always energetic and vibrant stance taken by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Broxbourne (Sir Charles Walker) ; I think the point he was making in that interview was that the plan is working.
Let me now come to the very serious issue that the hon.
Lady raised about Mr Hester’s remarks.
They were racist and abhorrent, and—I fully appreciate—threatening to  the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott) , who I understand has referred the matter to the police.
My party is financed by fundraising and donations—notably money raised from raffles—including donations from private individuals.
There might be some who would come to this Dispatch Box today and attempt to argue that such a refund was not practically possible or warranted, but I am not going to attempt to do that.
The point that the hon.
Lady has made is not concerned with the practicalities of a refund, the consequences to the payroll of Conservative Campaign Headquarters, or the ability of my party to fight a general election.
No, no; it is a point of principle, and I respect that.
She could not have been clearer in what she has said today.
She has stated that it is wrong to take funds from people who say horrible things, no matter when they were said, and that when there is an issue, funds should be returned.