We made a commitment in our manifesto to building 1.5 million homes during this Parliament.
Conservative Members oppose that, but we are determined to do it, because that is the way to bring down the cost of temporary accommodation and ensure that all families have a safe and secure roof over their heads.
My right hon.
Friend is right about the challenge it will be for the Government to balance the public finances.
A stiff target of 2% in-year efficiency savings has been set for Departments.
What is she doing to make sure that the target is robustly applied, and that Departments do not game it by putting off decisions, which will end up costing more?
I thank the Chair of the Treasury Committee for that question.
She is absolutely right that in our July statement, we set a 2% productivity target, not just for the Department of Health and Social Care, as the previous Government did, but for all Departments.
Ministers are absolutely determined to deliver against those targets, because that is the way to ensure that we have resources for the frontline public services—our schools, hospitals and police—that we all rely on.
Under the last Government, the Chancellor said that interest rates and gilt yields were driven by Government policy.
Will the Chancellor guarantee that neither will rise higher than they did under the Conservatives?
The last Government crashed the economy with a mini-Budget and sent interest rates and mortgage rates soaring, putting huge pressure on the costs borne by families and businesses.
We will set out our Budget tomorrow, including robust fiscal rules on paying for day-to-day spending through tax receipts and borrowing only to invest, whereas the previous Government borrowed for day-to-day spending, which is why we are in the mess we are in today.
I call the shadow Minister.
Last Wednesday, in Washington, the Chancellor announced changes to the debt rules to allow Labour to borrow more.
However, published Treasury advice says that increasing borrowing risks interest rates staying higher for longer.
Does the Chancellor agree with her Treasury civil servants?
Last week, when I was in Washington, I was very pleased to hear the International Monetary Fund say how important it is that countries, including the UK, borrow to invest in their capital infrastructure.
Under the plans we inherited from the previous Government, capital spending as a share of GDP is due to fall from 2.6% to 1.7%.
If those decisions were to go forward, it would mean plans delayed and cancelled.
We will set out our plans tomorrow in the Budget, but it is crucial that we have rules ensuring that we pay for day-to-day spending through tax receipts, and that we borrow only to invest, unlike the previous Government.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of recent fiscal events on investor confidence in the UK.
The Conservative party oversaw years of chaos, which cost not only families but businesses.
The Government are committed to delivering the economic stability needed for investor confidence.
Our commitment to a credible Budget, strong institutions and robust fiscal rules are at the heart of that plan.
Earlier this month, we announced a record-breaking £63.5 billion of investment at our international investment summit.
That shows that the UK can attract investment from around the world, to boost jobs and growth here in Britain, through serious, stable Government policy.
When does the Chancellor think that the Conservative party lost its fiscal credibility?
Was it with the Liz Truss mini-Budget? [
Interruption.]
Was it when national debt rose from 65% to nearly 100% of GDP?
Or was it when they made the farcical promise to abolish national insurance?
Order.
Who wants to go for that cup of tea?
Normally this happens at Prime Minister’s questions; I do not want it starting in Treasury questions.
All of the above.
That is why my hon.
Friend is in his place and Conservative Members are on the Opposition Benches.