Manufacturing in Dudley accounts for 40.4% of jobs; that is double the national average.
What steps are the Government taking to support and revitalise the manufacturing sector in Dudley, given its historical significance to the local economy, and its potential contribution to the UK’s overall industrial strategy?
As my hon.
Friend rightly says, we identified advanced manufacturing as a growth-driving sector in the recently published industrial strategy Green Paper.
I know how important manufacturing centres such as the Very Light Rail National Innovation Centre are to Dudley and the UK economy.
We are committed  to supporting advanced manufacturing through the industrial strategy, which, alongside sector plans, will be developed in partnership with businesses and stakeholders ahead of publication in spring 2025.
I hope that she will contribute to that.
Jobs will be at the heart of our industrial strategy, backed by employment rights that are fit for a modern economy.
Investing in transport infrastructure will boost productivity, so is the Chancellor listening to Members from across the east of England and across the House, and will she back the Ely junction rail upgrade, which delivers benefits of £5 for every £1 invested?
As the hon.
Member will know, the Chancellor listens carefully to everything that is said in the Chamber, and I am sure that she has noted what he has said.
We in Northern Ireland were told that, as a result of having dual access to the EU market and the United Kingdom market, we would see an increase in inward investment and economic productivity.
Recently, Invest NI has had to admit that there has been no uptick in investment, because access to the EU market is counteracted by barriers from the GB market—that is clear.
Do the Government now recognise that that was a mis-sold proposition?
I think we were mis-sold a lot of things by the previous Government, if that is what the hon.
Member is talking about.
I remind him that we had the investment summit recently, where we secured £63 billion of private investment, creating more than 38,000 jobs.
That is more than double what the previous Government secured in 2023.
What fiscal steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support households with energy bills.
Household energy bills have fallen by 30% since their peak, and are now around £800 lower for a typical household.
This Government are committed to improving the quality and sustainability of our housing stock through our warm home plan, further details of which will be set out through the spending review.
That will be vital in making sure that the UK is more energy-resilient, in lowering household bills and in meeting our 2050 net zero commitment.
Given that many constituents of mine in Woking and across the country live in fuel poverty and are fearful of losing their winter fuel allowance, does the Minister or the Chancellor agree that targeted support for low-income families and households should be included in tomorrow’s Budget or in the warm home plan, so that no one has to decide between eating and heating this winter?
The hon.
Gentleman can see our commitment to supporting vulnerable households with the cost of energy and food in our extension of the  household support fund, at a cost of half a billion pounds, from the end of September to the end of March.
That will allow local authorities to help low-income families with the cost of essentials, such as food and energy.
This nation experienced the highest rise in energy bills of all G7 countries after Putin invaded Ukraine, because the Conservatives left us dependent on natural gas and with the worst-insulated homes in western Europe.
Can the Minister assure me that we will invest in the clean energy and home insulation that we need to lower energy bills for good?
My hon.