I am proud today to support the Great British Energy Bill.
For years, my constituents in Erewash have suffered through rising bills, because of our exposure to dictator-controlled fossil fuel markets.
Now that Ratcliffe-on-Soar power station, just outside my constituency, has burned its final lump of coal, I look forward to the investment in our community that GB Energy will bring and the rewards that will reap in energy security, clean power and new jobs.
It is the most incredible honour for me to represent my home of Erewash.
I would not be here without my partner, my family, my friends and my incredible campaign team, who, by constant repetition of our mantra of being five points behind under any circumstances, began the process of changing our country for the better.
Coming from a background of education and science, I look forward to contributing to evidence-based policy debates and applying my scientific training in this House.
Standing here, I feel the weight of my community, the weight of responsibility, and the weight of the need to deliver a better future for my constituents and the whole country.
Throughout my tenure, I will always be guided by reason not dogma, by the scientific method and by a desire to serve.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer was asked—
What steps she plans to take to help improve living standards.
What steps she plans to take to help improve living standards.
What steps she plans to take to help improve living standards.
What steps she plans to take to help improve living standards.
This is likely to be the last time that the shadow Chancellor,  the right hon.
Member for Godalming and Ash (Jeremy Hunt) , is up against me at the Dispatch Box.
We have had the privilege of these exchanges for just over two years now, and I have a huge amount of respect for him.
He steered our country through a very difficult time after the mini-Budget, and I wish him well in whatever he chooses to do next.
If UK living standards, as measured by real household disposable income per capita, had grown by the same amount between 2010 and 2023 as they did between 1997 and 2010, the amount would have been over £4,000 higher in 2023.
We are committed to boosting economic growth to turn that around.
Although it will have been welcome news for millions of families that inflation is now below 2%, there is still more to do.
Earlier this month, we delivered our first international investment summit, announcing over £60 billion of investment and unlocking nearly 38,000 jobs in the UK, all focused on creating and spreading opportunities to lift living standard.
The Conservatives oversaw a living standards disaster.
In places such as Hexham, Prudhoe and Throckley in my constituency, people saw hardly any improvements to their incomes in over 14 years.
Surely the clearest sign of whether government is working is whether working  people feel better off.
Does the Chancellor agree that papering over Tory failure is not enough, and that in tomorrow’s Budget we must reset the foundations of our economy?
My hon.
Friend is right: the previous Parliament was the worst ever recorded for living standards.
Tomorrow’s Budget is an opportunity to fix that and turn the page so that we can start delivering for families in Hexham and all around the country.
The bottom 50% of the population owned less than 5% of wealth in 2021, while the top 10% stacked up 57% of it—up from 52.5% in 1995.
In our communities, the less well-off are struggling with energy prices and other costs.
What will the Government do to ensure that the gap closes?
We have already announced the child poverty taskforce, which is working to publish a comprehensive strategy to tackle child poverty.
We will publish that strategy in spring next year.