My hon.
Friend is entirely right about the Conservative party’s desire to distract from its record, whether it is the lockdown parties or  the PPE VIP lane for contracts.
This Government are appointing a covid corruption commissioner to get the public’s money back.
Those of us who have been in this place for some time will remember the outraged indignation of the now Government, when they were in opposition, every time the now Opposition pulled a stunt like this.
The only constant is you, Mr Speaker, and your efforts to have whichever of them is in power treat this House and its Members with respect.
Can the Minister not see that the Government displaying such arrogant contempt for the rules only feeds the public perception that one is as bad as the other?
Rather than delivering the change it promised, the Labour party is really saying, “It’s our turn now.”
The hon.
Gentleman cannot possibly be saying that there is any comparison with breaching the rules during the covid pandemic.
He really cannot; that is not a serious proposition.
Nor is it a serious proposition to suggest that this is comparable with the money that was lost in the PPE VIP lane—it really is not.
Despite the rumours being spread, including by the Conservative party, can my right hon.
Friend confirm that not a single change to taxation has yet been announced, and that they will in fact be announced at the Budget tomorrow?
As my hon.
Friend says, the measures will be announced at tomorrow’s Budget in the normal way, with the Office for Budget Responsibility’s economic and fiscal forecast.
The Conservative party may denigrate the Office for Budget Responsibility, but this Government respect our financial institutions.
Can the Paymaster General confirm that the Chancellor receiving £7,500-worth of free clothes and declaring them as office support is a breach of the ministerial code?
rose—
I must say, the Conservatives have learned absolutely nothing.
They trashed ministerial standards and standards in this House when in government. [
Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Shannon, you are meant to sit down again.
The Conservatives trashed standards in government.
My suggestion to them is to reflect on the past 14 years.
I am very grateful to several Conservative Members for admitting to quite a lot of the mistakes that they made in government.
People in my constituency are still paying the price, in their mortgages and rents, for the disastrous Conservative economic record.
Is it any wonder that the Conservatives are so desperate to speak about anything other than their disastrous record?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: the Conservatives will talk about anything but their own record.
Is it any wonder that they did not conduct a spending review before they called a general election?
The reality is that they made unfunded spending commitments and then ran away.
A remit of the new Modernisation Committee is to enhance the ability of Members of this House to hold the Government to account.
In the light of the failure that has been exhibited over recent days, would the Minister be in favour of referring this issue to the Modernisation Committee?
I was not aware that financial mismanagement by the Conservative party was a matter for the Modernisation Committee, but it should certainly be referred to something.
Like others, I am surprised to hear that Conservative Members recently rediscovered their moral compass—the one that they lost perhaps when the former Prime Minister sent out the “bring your own bottle” invite to Downing Street, when he spent taxpayers’ money jetting his girlfriend around the world, or when they unlawfully suspended this place.
Perhaps the Minister agrees that there might be another motivation.
Does  the right hon.
Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott)  want to keep her job next week?
Of course, we wish  the right hon.
Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott)  well for the reshuffle next week.
As ever, my hon.
Friend makes a very persuasive point.