Can the Minister confirm how many people the Treasury assumes are eligible for pension credit but will not claim it, therefore losing their winter fuel payment, and what is the Treasury doing to close that gap?
As the hon.
Gentleman will understand, the estimates of how many people might be eligible for pension credit are an imperfect science—they are based on a survey.
Means-testing what is a very complex benefit, as all means-tested benefits are, requires an assessment of not only people’s income but their savings; it is about pensioner household units, too, so it is a complex set of procedures.
All I can say is that I am glad we are targeting support at those most in need, something that was outlined in the 2017 Conservative party manifesto, which stated:
“we will means-test Winter Fuel Payments, focusing assistance on the least well-off pensioners, who are most at risk of fuel poverty.”
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
As the newly appointed Treasury spokesperson for the Liberal Democrats, this is my first opportunity to welcome the Chancellor and Ministers to their places.
Notwithstanding that, on the winter fuel payment, the Government need to think again.
I recently spoke with representatives of Citizens Advice in St Albans, who are deeply concerned that letters from the Department for Work and Pensions will  be sent out only in December to people that it believes are eligible, meaning that many people may lose out.
We have urged the Government to either reverse the cut and make it taxable or look at, for example, raising the pension credit limit.
Could the Government confirm whether they are going to look again at any of the measures that we have suggested?
I welcome the hon.
Lady to her place.
I reassure her that we are writing to all pensioners—I do not know where she got that misinformation from—about the change in policy.
For the first time, we are also writing to all pensioners in receipt of housing benefit to encourage them to claim for pension credit.
We have also made a steadfast commitment to the triple lock, which will mean that the new full state pension will be worth around £1,700 more over this Parliament.
We have extended the household support fund, which local authorities can use to help people who are on low incomes and struggling with their fuel bills.
We have also ensured that the warm home discount scheme will provide £150 for low-income households, including pensioners.
What steps she is taking to increase long-term investment in the economy.
What progress she has made on increasing economic growth.
What progress she has made on increasing economic growth.
What progress she has made on increasing economic growth.
The Government’s growth mission will counteract 14 years of sluggish economic growth, kick-starting a decade of national renewal.
We have wasted no time in getting to work: we have already launched the national wealth fund, introduced reforms to the planning system, and hosted the international investment summit, securing more than £63 billion of investments across the United Kingdom.
Work continues, and I look forward to updating the House on our next steps for growth in tomorrow’s Budget.
As co-chair of the Labour Growth Group, I welcome the Chancellor’s decision to unleash a revolution in investment in Britain, but the capital we must invest in is not just physical but digital.
For years, Conservative Members cut capital investment in technology, depressing productivity and leaving workers with less money in their pocket.
What steps is the Chancellor taking to boost long-term investment, especially in digital and technology?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his excellent work as co-chair of the Labour Growth Group.
I know that he is passionate about how we can use data to boost productivity and improve public services, and he  is working with Wigan council and his local NHS trust to build data-driven tools to better deliver preventive healthcare.