The Government have got into an absolute pickle over the definition of working people.
People deserve certainty.
In Mid Bedfordshire, we are proud of the hard work of the owners of nearly 5,000 small businesses.
They are working people creating jobs and growing our economy, and all while providing for their families.
They are lying awake at night worrying about yet higher taxes.
Will the Chancellor give them a peaceful night’s sleep ahead of tomorrow’s Budget and confirm that she will honour her manifesto commitment not to raise taxes on them?
I do not think I am pre-empting anything tomorrow by confirming that the Chancellor will absolutely stick to our commitment not to raise taxes on working people through national insurance, the basic, higher or additional rates of income tax, or VAT.
And I might add that what people and businesses in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency might want is stability in the economy, a Government who support investment in the economy, and a Government who will get the economy growing and make people across Britain better off.
In Bury North, child poverty rates are at 43%, densely populated in three of our nine wards: Bury East, Redvales and Moorside.
Does the Minister agree with me that minimising tax rises for working people is just the starting point, and that tackling the crippling level of impoverishment for those in work requires a laser focus and intervention from this mission-driven Government?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that, while keeping taxes on working people as low as possible is crucial, the way to make people better off in the long run is through boosting public and private investment, and delivering sustained economic growth.
That is the focus of this Labour Government, and that will guide the choices we make.
I call the shadow Minister.
During the election campaign, I held a press conference at which I outlined the glaring funding gaps in Labour’s plans and the taxes they might raise to pay for them.
One of those taxes was employer national insurance contributions.
The right  hon.
Member for Bristol North West (Darren Jones) —now Chief Secretary to the Treasury—responded at the time by arguing that this was a list of things that “Labour isn’t doing.”
Is it correct that raising employer national insurance contributions is something Labour isn’t doing?
The right hon.
Member will have to wait for the Budget tomorrow.
She was a Minister not that long ago, so she might still remember that the Budget is the time when such announcements are made.
Let me restate our commitment, so it is crystal clear, that we will protect working people by not increasing national insurance, income tax or VAT.
Might I add, very briefly, that I note the Conservatives suddenly have a new-found interest in the livelihoods of working people?
It is a shame, frankly, that they never prioritised that during their 14 years in office, during which, time and again, they made working people pay for their mistakes.
What steps she is taking to help ensure value for money in public spending.
The Government have launched a multi-year spending review to set out our long-term plans for public spending and to ensure that every pound of taxpayers’ money is spent effectively.
The first phase of the spending review is due to report this week, alongside the Budget, and phase 2 will begin shortly after the Budget.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his response.
Recent National Audit Office reports have revealed the extent of the Tories’ economic mismanagement over the past 14 years.
That has put capital projects such as Bingley pool in my constituency at risk.
As a member of the Public Accounts Committee, I will ensure that taxpayers’ money delivers value.
Will the Minister assure me and my constituents that tomorrow’s Budget will be based on an honest assessment of the public finances, so that this Government can deliver on their promises?
I thank my hon.