What will the Government do to ensure that the gap closes?
We have already announced the child poverty taskforce, which is working to publish a comprehensive strategy to tackle child poverty.
We will publish that strategy in spring next year.
We have also provided £500 million, including the Barnett impact, to extend the household support fund in England until the end of March next year, which will help the most vulnerable households to cover the costs of essentials such as food, energy and water.
Shamefully, under the last Conservative Government, the need for food banks soared to levels even higher than during the pandemic.
Recent research shows that in my Bathgate and Linlithgow constituency, the number of food parcels distributed has risen by 77% over the past five years, and that in 2022-23, 27% of children were living in poverty after housing costs.
What steps are the Government taking to reduce the need for food banks in the context of child poverty?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and congratulate her on her great work on the Co-op’s food justice policy.
As she knows, we are right behind her in our commitment to raise living standards across the country.
We made a manifesto commitment to update the remit of the Low Pay Commission so that, for the first time ever, it will take into account the cost of living when making recommendations about the minimum wage.
As my right hon.
Friend will be aware, coastal communities such as mine struggle with a low-pay, low-skill economy.
Does she acknowledge the importance of the minimum wage in tackling this problem and supporting our communities and local economies?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is why we will ensure that the Low Pay Commission takes into account the cost of living, and why we will close the gap between the youth rate of minimum wage and the overall rate, so that all adults can be paid a fair wage for their work.
The living standards of a 90-year-old pensioner on a £13,500 income are falling sharply this winter as a result of the Chancellor’s decision to take away the winter fuel allowance.
Tomorrow, she has the chance to increase the threshold.
Will she take it?
As the hon.
Lady knows, because of our commitment to the triple lock, the basic state pension and the new state pension will continue to rise.
This winter, the new state pension is worth £900 more than it was a year ago, and it is likely to rise by a further £450 next April.
Indeed, during the course of this Parliament, because of the triple lock, the new state pension is likely to be worth £1,700 more—much more than the value of the winter fuel payment.
I am sure that the Treasury was pleased to receive £1.5 billion in a windfall tax from Octopus Energy.
Would the Chancellor consider using that money to reinstate the winter fuel allowance for one year until the Treasury has had the opportunity to find a better system of means-testing, so that my vulnerable residents and pensioners in Chichester are not falling off a cliff edge this winter?
I can understand the hon.
Member’s concern, but of course, that £1.5 billion was already baked into the forecast—it is not new money to spend on initiatives.
As she knows, we inherited a £22 billion black hole in the public finances; we will set out the detail of that at the Budget tomorrow, but because of that, we have had to make very difficult choices.
Even in those difficult circumstances, though, we have protected the winter fuel payment for the most vulnerable pensioners who are on pension credit.
We have also boosted the uptake of pension credit, so that people get the support they are entitled to.