Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott)  well for the reshuffle next week.
As ever, my hon.
Friend makes a very persuasive point.
The Conservatives will talk about anything apart from their record.
At 10 pm last night, the Government announced a £70 million increase in funding for radiotherapy.
As the chair of the all-party parliamentary group for radiotherapy, I very much welcome that, but would it not have been better and right for the Government to make a statement to the House so that the policy could be properly scrutinised?
That £70 million equals about 30 linear accelerators, but it will take 70 linear accelerators just to replace those that are going out of date this year.
It will not meet the needs of people living in rural communities such as mine.
We desperately need a satellite radiotherapy unit in Kendal so that people can get to treatment quickly.
Will the Paymaster General put that lack of scrutiny right by arranging for a Health Minister to meet me and the rest of the all-party group, so that we can work closely to take forward those plans together?
I will certainly pass on that request to the relevant Health Minister.
Putting aside the point that the hon.
Gentleman makes about scrutiny, I am sure that he joins us in welcoming the focus on radiotherapy, and there will be a real desire to work on it with him across party lines.
I was elected to keep the promises that we made in our manifesto.
The Conservative party broke nearly every promise that it made in its 14 years in government.
Does the Minister agree that it is only right for this Government to confirm that we will honour the pledges we made at the election?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
I am afraid that trust was one of the many things that the Conservative Government destroyed over 14 years, and this Government are determined to rebuild it.
The Chancellor, the Education Secretary, the Health Secretary and the Work and Pensions Secretary have all made significant announcements to the media and not to the House.
Will those breaches of the ministerial code be investigated?
Why has the Prime Minister not yet published an updated version of the ministerial code—are the Government still working out whether it is right to accept suits and glasses?
We have already said that the Prime Minister will update the ministerial code and publish it shortly to ensure that it is fit for purpose, deals with problems such as the Tory freebie loophole, as I have said, and meets the high standards that the Prime Minister expects.
We hear a lot about “14 years of failure”, but it seems to me that this Government have had 14 years to learn how the ministerial code works.
In reality, the announcement made by the Chancellor last week moved the markets: bond yields went up, which means that mortgages and people’s bills have gone up.
The right thing for the Government to do is to apologise.
First, we will see the impact of what the Chancellor announces tomorrow and in the days afterwards.
The ministerial code will be published shortly.
That stands in stark contrast to what the previous Government did.
I watched from the Opposition Benches as they tried to tear up the entire rulebook to protect one of their friends—that is not something that we will do.
After your statement yesterday, Mr Speaker, I think you will have been as disappointed as I was that when the Chancellor came to the Chamber for Treasury questions this morning, she failed to apologise for the serious and important announcements that she had made outside the House.
Without deflecting any further by talking about the previous Government’s record, will the Minister promise now that the ministerial code, and the Speaker of this House, who represents us all, will be respected by the Government?