I am delighted to be welcomed by those on the Opposition Benches, and am pleased to see them in their place as well.
Investment is a key part of the Government’s growth mission, alongside stability and reform.
By ensuring adherence to robust fiscal rules and respect for our economic institutions, we are building the confidence needed to deliver greater investment across the country.
I thank the Minister for that response.
A key part of the northern powerhouse agenda was investment in our rail infrastructure, and residents in my constituency were excited that Cheadle train station finally got planning approval recently.
However, recent talk of cuts to infrastructure investment has caused concern.
Can the Minister assure us that Cheadle train station is safe and will go ahead?
The Government are fully committed to ensuring that investment in all parts of the UK, including the north of England, creates growth and impact for working people.
The north of England is home to crucial levers to achieve this, as evidenced by our recent announcements on Teesside and Merseyside, which will create thousands of jobs and secure long-term futures.
The detail of individual projects will be confirmed in due course.
The creation of the national wealth fund, and the record success of the £63 billion of investment announced at the investment summit, comes on top of investments that Ministers have just announced in carbon capture in the north-west.
Those are examples of the success—
Order.
The hon.
Gentleman is a very good Member who has been here a long time.
Please try to look at me occasionally; it would be helpful.
The successful investments announced are a great example of this Government delivering jobs and economic growth, in the north of England and across the country.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this is in stark contrast to the abysmal record of the Conservative party in its 14 years in government?
My hon.
Friend rightly points out that this country faces a choice: investment or decline.
As we saw at the general election, it chose investment, and that is what the Government will deliver.
What steps she is taking to increase economic productivity.
What steps she is taking to increase economic productivity in the Black Country.
Increasing economic productivity is a key mission in the Labour Government’s growth agenda.
After 14 years of weak productivity, depressed living standards and unfunded spending commitments, we are adamant about bringing our country into an upward trajectory, using the national wealth fund and the significant planning reforms that we are bringing together to ensure a decade of national renewal for our country.
Across the UK, the hospitality sector generates £93 billion per year.
In my constituency, there are many examples of local entrepreneurs, including on the old town’s High Street and in our neighbourhood centres, who provide an excellent service for residents and visitors alike.
What can my hon.
Friend do to help our hospitality services grow in Stevenage and across the UK?
I am fully aware of the assets of my hon.
Friend’s constituency, including the neighbourhood centres that he mentions, and the surrounding villages, which host amazing music festivals.
I recognise the contribution of the hospitality sector in Stevenage to the UK economy, and I know he is a great champion of the borough business club.
I am confident that our Government’s growth mission will ensure that hospitality businesses in Stevenage continue to grow.
The Government look forward to working with organisations such as UKHospitality to facilitate that.
“Invest 2035: the UK’s modern industrial strategy” identifies advanced manufacturing as a growth-driving sector.
Manufacturing in Dudley accounts for 40.4% of jobs; that is double the national average.
What steps are the Government taking to support and revitalise the manufacturing sector in Dudley, given its historical significance to the local economy, and its potential contribution to the UK’s overall industrial strategy?
As my hon.