Many households are facing homelessness due to increasing household costs.
What support can the Chancellor provide to them?
Building the homes that our country needs is a top priority for this Government.
In our manifesto, we committed to build 1.5 million homes in this Parliament, including social housing, so that people have access to secure and affordable accommodation and that every family have a roof over their heads.
We will set out more details on all of this in the Budget tomorrow.
Prior to being elected to this place, I was the leader of South Ribble borough council in Lancashire, where we continually struggled to set meaningful budgets due to the fragmented, short-term policies of the previous Tory Government.
Will Ministers please assure me that the proposals being considered in tomorrow’s Budget will see an end to the fragmented annual public sector funding allocations and a reintroduction of meaningful, forward-thinking, multi-year settlements?
The Government recognise the significant pressures that all councils are facing.
We are looking at consolidating funding streams for local authorities into the local government finance settlement, and we will work towards implementing our commitment to a multi-year financial settlement.
During my SEND summit in Bodmin on Saturday, teachers and parents revealed the shocking extent of our broken special educational needs system in North Cornwall and across the county.
Thousands are struggling to get the support to which they are entitled.
What are Treasury Ministers doing to ensure that local councils and schools are properly resourced to deliver an effective SEND system, so that families finally get the support they need and deserve?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
This is an issue that resonates right across the House, with so many of us hearing terrible stories at our surgeries about the lack of support for some of the most vulnerable children in society.
I know that it is a priority for the Education Secretary too, and we will set out more detail on departmental settlements in the Budget tomorrow.
There are over 50 pubs and breweries in my constituency, supporting more than 1,500 jobs and contributing millions of pounds to our economy.
Whether it is the Mulberry Tree Farm in Hampton or the Windmill in Orton Waterville, these are valued businesses that have earned their place in our local community.
Does the Chancellor agree that they deserve to be supported, and that this Labour Government will give hospitality the tools it needs to thrive?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
He is absolutely right to say that pubs make an enormous contribution to our society and economy.
The current alcohol duty system supports pubs through draught relief, which ensures that eligible products served on draught are charged less duty.
The Government are committed to delivering a fairer business rates system for high streets, including hospitality.
Any decisions on future tax policy will be announced by the Chancellor at a fiscal event, the next of which is tomorrow.
Eighty-two per cent of those who have seen Labour take away their winter fuel payment are either below the poverty line or within £55 a week of it.
How can the Government justify this, when they are not even allowing a freedom of information request from the Financial Times to be responded to?
They are hiding the figures from the people.
We are not hiding the figures.
If I had had the chance, I would have said that 455,000 pensioners are paying the higher rate of tax and that 39,300 are paying the additional rate.
Many wealthy pensioners have said to me that they do not need the winter fuel payment—[Interruption.]
The right hon.
Gentleman says that, but there are a number of—
Order.
I think the Minister has answered the question.
I call Emma Foody.
Residents in my constituency are still feeling the pinch in their pockets and pay packets from Liz Truss’s disastrous mini-Budget.