That will require difficult decisions, but even in those circumstances we will do everything in our power to protect the incomes of ordinary working people, so we are committed to ensuring that no working people will see higher taxes in their payslips after the Budget.
We all know why the Chancellor is inventing this fictitious black hole.
Thirty times this year, before the election, she promised not to raise tax, and now she is planning to present the biggest tax-raising Budget in history.
More consensually, however, as this is our final exchange, I welcome her announcement last week of a £2.3 billion loan for Ukraine.
Does she agree  that the strongest signal of resolve that we can send to Putin is a commitment to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence, and does she understand why so many people are worried by the fact that she has yet to do so?
I have always respected the right hon.
Gentleman, but I think it is important for us not to deny the seriousness of the situation that we face with the black hole in the public finances.
Combined with the lashing out at independent economic institutions, it suggests that he has more in common with Liz Truss and Kwasi Kwarteng than perhaps we thought.
I watched my party lurch towards an ideological extreme and deny reality, and we spent years in opposition as a result.
The shadow Chancellor risks taking his party down the same path.
My constituency’s beer and pub sector makes a significant contribution to the economy, both locally and nationally.
Our 76 pubs and two breweries generate £23 million in tax receipts each year.
Will the Chancellor work with the sector to unlock its growth potential, in Newcastle-under-Lyme and across our country?
I know that Newcastle-under-Lyme and, indeed, the whole county of Staffordshire have a proud brewing tradition, and my hon.
Friend will be an excellent champion of breweries in his constituency.
Supporting pubs and breweries is very important for me as a Minister.
Indeed, on my first day in the Treasury’s Darlington economic campus, I visited Durham brewery—it was a work visit—where I heard from the Society of Independent Brewers and associates about the huge contribution that breweries make to British society.
Further details will be set out by the Chancellor tomorrow.
The Chancellor recently announced an extra £550 million for the school rebuilding programme.
Can she now confirm that all the schools on that programme, including Bramhall high school, are fully funded and will get their repairs soon?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I went to school in the ’80s and ’90s, and I was taught in portacabins because there was not enough room in my school.
I know how important it is that children are taught in proper facilities.
We will set out more details of our capital investments at the Budget tomorrow.
I would like to ask a question that comes out of local government.
One of the frustrations that I found after 14 years in local government was that short-term cuts can often end up costing more in the long run—an example that always comes to mind is youth services.
What does the Chancellor make of the Local Government Association’s call for spending on prevention to be routinely considered in both Treasury and departmental spending decisions, and for better tracking of long-term outcomes?
My hon.
Friend is right to point out the opportunities for improvement.
As the Chancellor set out in her   July statement, prevention will be at the heart of this Government’s new approach to public service reform.
That will be set out in the spending review in the coming months.
Many households are facing homelessness due to increasing household costs.
What support can the Chancellor provide to them?
Building the homes that our country needs is a top priority for this Government.