All of the above.
That is why my hon.
Friend is in his place and Conservative Members are on the Opposition Benches.
If the Chancellor wants to increase investor confidence, the thing to do is help small and medium-sized enterprises.
Tomorrow she will have the opportunity to do that.
What will be done to help them?
In Northern Ireland, 85% of businesses employ 10 or fewer employees.
If she helps the SMEs in Northern Ireland, that will increase employment.
I know that the hon.
Gentleman is a proud supporter of businesses big and small in his constituency and across Northern Ireland.
I will set out  more detail in tomorrow’s Budget, including on business rates, but I recognise how important it is for us to support small businesses, so that they can grow and create jobs right across the United Kingdom.
I call the shadow Minister.
Clearly, the Chancellor is desperately trying to raise old ghosts, along with debt and taxes, but her own broken promises are coming back to haunt her and are frightening investors.
It does not have to be Halloween for socialists to spook British business.
Why does she think that business confidence has fallen faster in the past three months than at any point since the pandemic?
I would judge this Government on their record: we secured £63.5 billion of investment right across the United Kingdom, creating nearly 40,000 jobs in constituencies up and down our country—good jobs that pay decent wages.
That is more than twice the investment that the previous Government secured at their international investment summit.
That shows how important it is to return stability to economy and work in partnership with businesses—something that the Conservative party might want to learn a lesson from.
What fiscal steps she is taking to support pensioners with the cost of living.
More than 12 million pensioners will be protected by this Government’s commitment to the triple lock, with the new full state pension expected to increase by around £1,700 over the course of this Parliament.
Pensioners also benefit from free eye test, free NHS prescriptions and free bus passes.
We know that no impact assessment was carried out prior to the decision to cut the winter fuel payment, but was any consideration given to the burden that the daunting application form places on the elderly, and the extra burden on charities such as Age UK, which advise them on completing it?
Evidence of that daunting burden is the 60% limit to uptake over the past decade.
Will she work with her colleagues to simplify the application process, ease the burden on those who are losing the winter fuel payment, and help them receive the broad benefits that pension credit provides?
I think the Minister got it in the first two minutes, never mind the last three.
The Government did an equality analysis on the change, which was published in September.
I recommend that the hon.
Gentleman take a look at it.
It was such a long question that I have forgotten what he asked.
On application forms—
Order.
Let’s move on.
rose—
Order.
What is the hon.
Gentleman standing for?
I hope he is not.
I call Blake Stephenson.
What taxes she classes as taxes on working people.
What steps she is taking to minimise taxes on working people.
As hon.
Members know, any changes to tax policy will be set out in tomorrow’s Budget.
Members will also know that our approach to fixing the foundations of the economy will be one that protects working people.
This Labour Government will honour our commitment to protect working people by not increasing national insurance, basic, higher or additional rates of income tax, or VAT.
The Government have got into an absolute pickle over the definition of working people.
People deserve certainty.
In Mid Bedfordshire, we are proud of the hard work of the owners of nearly 5,000 small businesses.