The hon.
Lady is also right to raise the issue of digital connectivity, and we will be setting out more details on infrastructure investment in the Budget tomorrow.
“Buy now, pay later” is attractive to young people who are trying to survive on zero-hours contracts with irregular hours.
What assurances can the Chancellor give me that the coming regulations will protect this group from problematic debt?
The proposed regulations will drive high standards of conduct among “buy now, pay later” firms, ensuring that consumers receive clear information and have access to strong protections.
Our proposals will also allow the Financial Conduct Authority to require “buy now, pay later” firms to carry out affordability checks, ensuring that firms lend only to borrowers who can afford to repay.
During the last election campaign, Labour candidates across Somerset said that a Labour Government would cut energy bills by £300.
Will the Chancellor set out the timescale for fulfilling that promise?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question, and I note the number of Labour MPs we now have in Somerset and across the south-west of England.
We will set out more detail in the Budget tomorrow, but our commitment to investing in home-grown energy will boost our energy security, create good jobs here in Britain and begin to reduce people’s bills, as will our programme to better insulate homes, which the previous Government failed to do.
A hundred councils in England have come together to call for five key changes to unlock much-needed investment in new council homes.
They will welcome the news of £500 million of additional grant and changes to the right-to-buy rules, but one issue they also raise is housing revenue account debt and finance.
Will Treasury Ministers look specifically at debt allocations and how HRA debt is accounted for, to unlock much-needed investment in council homes?
Councils’ housing revenue accounts are a significant part of local authority finances, and it is therefore not right to exclude them from our fiscal rules, but I reassure my hon.
Friend that this Government’s commitment to deliver 1.5 million new homes will be delivered.
However “working people” is defined, does the Chancellor not accept that people on low incomes and part-time employees who earn up to £300 a week should be exempt from paying income tax?
We will set out details of our tax policy in the Budget tomorrow, but this Government have made a commitment to working people that we will not increase their income tax, their national insurance or the value added tax they pay.
I have noted the media reporting an assertion from Downing Street that the pre-announcement of Budget measures is entirely routine.
For the avoidance of doubt, I am always happy for Ministers to come to the House to make announcements in the run-up to a Budget.
This discourtesy arises when those announcements are made elsewhere.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Prime Minister if he will make a statement on whether Ministers disclosing policies to the media before the Budget are in contravention of the ministerial code’s statement that the most important announcements of Government policy should be made, in the first instance, in Parliament.
Mr Speaker, I reassure you that what you said yesterday, and indeed what you said a moment ago, has been heard not just by me but across Government.
The Government take their obligations to this House very seriously.
Yesterday, the Chief Secretary to the Treasury made a statement to the House on the fiscal rules, in which he made it clear that details will be announced to the House in the Chancellor’s Budget statement tomorrow, alongside an economic and fiscal forecast produced by the independent Office for Budget Responsibility.
Treasury Ministers have also answered questions in the House this morning.