As she knows, we inherited a £22 billion black hole in the public finances; we will set out the detail of that at the Budget tomorrow, but because of that, we have had to make very difficult choices.
Even in those difficult circumstances, though, we have protected the winter fuel payment for the most vulnerable pensioners who are on pension credit.
We have also boosted the uptake of pension credit, so that people get the support they are entitled to.
Residents of Joseph Rowntree’s St Ellens Court all gathered recently to tell me about the devastating impact that the cut in the winter fuel payment will have on their living standards, and people in Withernsea gathered Saturday last to demonstrate against it.
Tomorrow, the Chancellor can do the right thing; will she?
I am sure the right hon.
Gentleman told them about the £22 billion gap in the public finances that his Government left, which has required the difficult decisions this Government have had to make to clean up the mess left by the Conservative party.
With the promised £300 cut in energy bills not materialising, the winter fuel payment scrapped for pensioners, and now the bus cap lifted for working people—whatever definition of that term the Chancellor is using today—can she honestly say that living standards will improve for everybody under this Government?
On the bus price cap specifically, the hon.
Member will know that the previous Government put no money in to extend that cap.
We have put money in to ensure that the bus price cap remains at an affordable level for people, unlike the previous Government, who just had short-term gimmicks.
What estimate she has made with Cabinet colleagues of the additional funding needed to process pension credit applications within target timescales.
The Department for Work and Pensions has deployed 500 additional staff to process pension credit applications as quickly as possible, and I encourage all pensioners who might be eligible to apply by  21 December .
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, that benefit can be backdated by three months, and can passport pensioners to other benefits.
I am very grateful for the Minister’s answer.
I put in a written question to find out how long this would take, and almost one in four people who apply for pension credit are waiting longer than 50 working days for their application to be picked up, which takes us past Christmas and into the new year.
That is before the 150% increase in applications referred to in the data released by the Government, so although I am pleased to hear that there are 500 more staff, could we hear how much extra funding is going in immediately to make sure those applications are processed this side of Christmas?
Otherwise, pensioners are really going to struggle.
I am very pleased to say that there has been a 152% increase in the number of pensioners who are applying for pension credit.
That is good news, and is a result of the pension credit awareness campaign that we have been running since early September.
We are putting in place all the resources we can to process claims as quickly as possible.
I call the shadow Minister.
We on the Conservative Benches are deeply concerned about all those who will lose their winter fuel payments under Labour.
Some pensioners will keep the winter fuel payment if they claim pension credit, but we know that some will not apply or will have difficulty applying.
Can the Minister confirm how many people the Treasury assumes are eligible for pension credit but will not claim it, therefore losing their winter fuel payment, and what is the Treasury doing to close that gap?
As the hon.
Gentleman will understand, the estimates of how many people might be eligible for pension credit are an imperfect science—they are based on a survey.