I thank my hon.
Friend for his excellent work as co-chair of the Labour Growth Group.
I know that he is passionate about how we can use data to boost productivity and improve public services, and he  is working with Wigan council and his local NHS trust to build data-driven tools to better deliver preventive healthcare.
The Government recognise that attracting private investment into digital and technology is crucial for driving growth, which is why we have already prioritised them in the modern industrial strategy to ensure that we are creating the right conditions for investment.
Since the Government took office, we have been pleased to welcome more than £25 billion of investment into UK data centres, helping to create thousands of jobs and meet the growing demand for data, artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Does the Chancellor agree that a modern NHS that is fit for the future is essential to our country’s economic growth?
Will she find time to visit the new Pears Cumbria School of Medicine when it opens in Carlisle next year?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
I absolutely recognise the important role of the NHS and the health of our nation in getting people back to work and in boosting the economy.
That is why in tomorrow’s Budget we will set out further detail of how we will increase the number of elective appointments per week, delivering one of the Government’s first steps in office to reduce waiting times in the NHS.
I was delighted to meet Professor Hugh Brady from Imperial College London at the international investment summit.
He shared the detail of important plans to partner with the University of Cumbria to help the next generation of medical professionals in my hon.
Friend’s constituency and to address staffing shortfalls and healthcare needs in the area.
I commend her work in this important area.
High streets in Lichfield and Burntwood in my constituency were let down as, for 14 years, the Conservative party fiddled while our high street economies burned.
Can the Chancellor assure me that regenerating high streets, as the physical manifestation of how well our economy is doing, is a priority for this Treasury?
I welcome my hon.
Friend to his place, and he is doing a great job for the people of Lichfield.
This Government are committed to delivering a decade of national renewal and ensuring that growth and prosperity are felt everywhere in our country.
We will work in partnership with businesses and local communities to rejuvenate our high streets, which are the lifeblood of our local communities, including those in Lichfield and Burntwood.
As part of this, we plan to introduce new powers to help fill vacant properties through high street rental auctions.
We know that this is such an important issue for so many of our constituencies.
Thousands of my constituents in Chelsea and Fulham come from European Union countries, and they are all passionate about the UK economy doing well.
Does the Chancellor agree that, for the UK to achieve its full economic growth potential, we need to deepen our trading links with the European Union?
If she does, will can she say how the Treasury is working with other Government Departments to achieve this?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
Since taking office, this Government have been working to reset our relationship with our European friends and neighbours.
The Prime Minister recently met the President of the European Commission and agreed to strengthen the UK-EU relationship to address global challenges such as the economic headwinds, geopolitical competition, irregular migration, climate change and energy prices.
Improving our relationships will be good for business and good for consumers.
I am not going to ask the Chancellor to pre-empt tomorrow’s Budget, although I might actually have some luck if I did, based on current form.