Can we take it that the Government did not think that the Chancellor’s announcement in America last week was important?
I think most people in this House felt that it was.
Therefore, if it was important, did the Chancellor break the ministerial code?
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury made a statement to the House yesterday.
The entire Treasury team has been here answering questions today.
The Chancellor will deliver a Budget tomorrow and we will have four days of debate on it.
I doubt that the House has seen so much of the Treasury team since the Tories were forced to deliver two emergency Budgets in September 2022.
My constituents in North East Derbyshire are still paying the price of the mini-Budget, with rises in their mortgages  and rents.
Does the Minister agree that the Conservatives should be talking about that and holding themselves to account rather than throwing out chaff to distract everyone?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
In the contribution of the shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury, one word was noticeably missing: sorry.
As Chair of the Procedure Committee in the previous Parliament, I made a point of making sure that when Ministers had breached the rules, it was clear to them that both the Committee and others were very unhappy.
Will the Minister confirm that he will make sure that the revised ministerial code makes it clear that announcements need to be made to this place first, as has always been the case?
With the greatest respect to the right hon.
Lady, she will not have long to wait for the ministerial code.
In my opening remarks to Mr Speaker, I indicated my respect for this House in regard to the matter that she is talking about.
The chutzpah from Conservative Members is quite incredible.
Does the Minister agree that although they make a point today about process, they totally ignored the Office for Budget Responsibility ahead of the disastrous mini-Budget, which is still causing immense pain to my constituents?
Absolutely.
It is no surprise that we have a Conservative party that wants to talk about process, but it will not take responsibility for the £22 billion black hole that it left in our finances.
Yesterday, Mr Speaker, you made the strongest statement of condemnation on a subject of this sort that I have heard from the Chair in 27 years in this House.
The Minister is a decent chap and, for all I know, he may be a skilled cricketer, but he must admit that he is batting on a sticky wicket today.
Does he understand that if his defence is just to say, “We did it because the previous party did it,” nobody will ever break this cycle?
His party has a big majority.
It could just say sorry and resolve to do better in future.
I have a great deal of respect for the right hon.
Gentleman.
I am not a cricketer, as it happens, so I cannot comment on the condition of the wicket.
With regard to Mr Speaker, I did initially set out in my remarks today my respect for what he said both yesterday and today, and my respect for Members of this House.
I think we all understand that Conservative Members are desperate to talk about anything other than their record of 14 years of failure in government.
We hear from hon.
Friends and Opposition Members how those failures are affecting constituents every single day.
My question is, what next?
How will the Conservatives distract us next?
My hon.
Friend is entirely right about the Conservative party’s desire to distract from its record, whether it is the lockdown parties or  the PPE VIP lane for contracts.
This Government are appointing a covid corruption commissioner to get the public’s money back.