I am sure right hon.
and hon.
Members will forgive me if I have a degree of cynicism about the Conservative party’s new-found passion for parliamentary conventions, given the number of times it failed in its 14 years in office to update the House ahead of major announcements.
The truth is that Conservative Members are desperate to speak about anything other than the appalling mess in which they left our national finances.
There are many groups of people who I would listen to on budget management, but certainly not Members of the party that crashed the economy.
We would think they might have learned some lessons from attacking independent financial institutions, but they have not.
The shadow Chancellor and the shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury are attacking the Office for Budget Responsibility once again.
Families in my constituency and across the country are still paying higher rents and mortgage costs because of the mini-Budget two years ago that created and wreaked such havoc on our economy.
Unlike the Conservative party, this Government will never play fast and loose with the nation’s finances.
Tomorrow we will see a Budget focused on investment, to get the economy moving again.
This Government will take the long-term decisions needed to rebuild Britain and  fix our schools, hospitals and our broken roads.
The Conservatives have not changed.
All they offer is  decline and more austerity, with working people paying the price.
In Bury North, rents and mortgages are still sky high as a direct consequence of the economic legacy of the last Conservative Government.
Does the Minister agree that it is no surprise that the Conservatives want to talk about anything other than their economic record?
I certainly do agree.
I am sure it will come as a surprise to right hon.
and hon.
Members that one of the Conservative’s former Chancellors decided to comment on the September 2022 fiasco.
What did Kwasi Kwarteng say the other day? “
Okay, my Budget wasn’t perfect”—the master of understatement.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
It is a sad state of affairs when the run-up to the Budget of this new Government so closely resembles that of the previous Government, with consistent leaks and briefings to the media rather than announcements being made where they should be—in this House—so that Members can scrutinise them on behalf of their constituents.
The previous Conservative Government did so much damage to trust in politics, including by consistently undermining the ministerial code.
Will the Minister put things right and toughen up the status of the code by enshrining it in law?
We have already said that the Prime Minister will publish an updated ministerial code shortly.
There is a stark difference between this and the previous Administration.
The approach of the previous one is probably best characterised as, “If you break the rules, try and change the rulebook,” but we on the Labour Benches take the ministerial code seriously.
That is why we want to ensure that it is fit for purpose, deals with problems such as the Tory freebie loophole and meets the high standards that the Prime Minister expects of all who have the privilege of serving in his Government.
I am sure the whole House will welcome the constructive response from the Minister today.
Will he confirm that the former Conservative Treasury Front-Bench team had to have paragraph 9.1 of the ministerial code drawn to their attention twice this year—in both April and May?
It is do as they say, not do as they did.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Frankly, when I heard Conservative Members talk about ethics and standards in Government, I thought that irony had died.
Can we take it that the Government did not think that the Chancellor’s announcement in America last week was important?
I think most people in this House felt that it was.
Therefore, if it was important, did the Chancellor break the ministerial code?