That is why it has been so heartbreaking to see the state ripped back again.
A care home in Shirebrook and a day centre in Bolsover face closure.
Kids in South Normanton are waiting years for special educational needs support.
Some 52% of children in Carr Vale live in poverty although their parents work hard to earn.
It is not just our most vulnerable who are struggling.
Professionals in Cresswell are accessing food banks that used not to exist.
There is more antisocial behaviour in Whitwell because there are fewer police.
Mortgages are up in Barlborough.
The amount that people can buy with their money in Tibshelf has gone down.
The reason I am here—the reason I leave my family every week to do this—is because I feel so deeply about the difference that politics can make.
Things have been better before, and they will be again.
That change has begun.
I am here to make sure that this powerful state has the most positive impact on lives in Bolsover.
This Great British Energy Bill will mean that fewer children in Pleasely have their lights switch off as they are doing their homework.
Kids in Holmewood can start the day with full tummies because they will have free breakfast clubs.
Children in Glapwell will not have to feel the shame of asking their parents to pay for their school trips, because those parents will have good jobs, and great terms and conditions.
Families in Clowne will get access to dentists, and entrepreneurs can succeed in Wessington, with global companies investing in Markham Vale.
My daughter can start her own family in Pinxton, making me the world’s proudest Nana, knowing that this Government will make getting childcare that  much easier.
For my daughters and my soon-to-be granddaughter, and for your daughters and granddaughters, I stand here proudly as the first woman MP for Bolsover.
It is a privilege to be a part of the most diverse Government in our country’s history, because representation matters.
I stand on the shoulders of the women who came before me, and who raised, supported, educated and mentored me.
They threw that ladder down and would not take it up until I had grabbed it.
They were women like Gloria De Piero, who showed me that we are not all the same, and who proved to me that we can carry the scars of poverty and still belong in this House; Bess of Hardwick, who never took no for an answer, built the best of Tudor England and put her initials on the top of her house for us all to see; Margaret Cavendish, who was not mad but a difficult woman ahead of her time; and Arkwright’s Norma Dolby, who kept her community together during the strike, faced police intimidation and made sure the miners’ families were fed.
Being the first woman to stand in this post is a huge privilege, but it comes with a greater responsibility.
It is my duty to speak up for the women in my constituency whose stories are not being told, even when it is difficult to do so, and even when I wish they were stories that they did not have—like those women who have been raped and are having to wait years for trial; attempting suicide as they fear that nobody will believe them.
I have a moral obligation to speak on behalf of the women who have been hurt in the worst possible way and then told that it is their own fault.
So, to the women in my constituency, who I represent, who will be raped today, raped tomorrow and raped every day of this Parliament, I say: “I do not know where you are, I cannot find you, but you can find me.