Will the Secretary of State explain to me what discussions she is having with the Chancellor to put this right, particularly in the light of the rushed implementation of this misguided ideological policy in January?
I would be happy to make sure that the point the right hon.
Lady raises is looked into, but on the wider policy priority, I say to her that this party and this Government are determined to expand opportunity right across our country for the vast majority of children, who go to state schools.
The Opposition may be happy to defend the indefensible, but should they wish to oppose what we are setting out, they need to say how they are going to pay for it.
I have been contacted by many parents who are desperate to secure a place in a special school for their child, but in Nottingham there is a severe lack of availability.
While I wholeheartedly support efforts to improve SEND support in mainstream schools and to deliver an education system that is truly inclusive, it seems clear that we also desperately need an increase in the number of special school places.
What steps are the Government taking in this area?
I appreciate my hon.
Friend’s concern.
As she will know, this Government inherited a broken system from the previous Government.
We want to make sure that all children with SEND receive the support they need to achieve and thrive.
We have announced £740 million of high needs capital funding for next year for additional places, which will support our ambition to improve inclusivity in mainstream schools.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act 2023 was passed by Parliament prior to the election.
By the end of its passage through both Houses, the Labour party had agreed in principle with the need for the Act.
However, just after the election, Government sources said the Act was a Tory “hate speech charter”.
Now I read in the papers that the Department may commence the legislation without the tort.
Can I ask the Secretary of State to clear up this mess and to tell the House what her plan is for the freedom of speech Act?
This Government are absolutely committed to freedom of speech and academic freedom.
We want to make sure that our universities are places of intellectual challenge and rigour, where people will be exposed to views with which they may disagree.
We paused commencement of the previous Government’s legislation because of the serious concerns raised by very many people, including from minority groups, about how the Act would apply.
We are consulting with stakeholders, and we intend to set out our position in due course.
Since the Secretary of State decided to pause this legislation, gender-critical women, among others, have racked up enormous legal fees, which have caused some to remortgage their houses.
Professor Jo Phoenix has said publicly that if it had been in force, the Act would have saved her that precise ordeal.
Inaction has consequences, and this delay is causing harm.
Will the Secretary of State accept that, and get on with implementing the legislation?
I do accept that academics should be free to express a wide range of views, and there will be views that people sometimes find challenging, but it also matters that we have legislation that is workable.
I am afraid that the legislation the right hon.
Lady’s party set out just did not achieve that, and we have had to consider so many challenges raised by minority groups.
The former Universities Minister herself said that she was concerned about what it would mean for Holocaust denial on campus.
We need to get this right.
For 14 years, Governments have criticised teachers, and this has had a dreadful effect on recruitment and retention.
Will the Minister please update the House on the measures she is taking to tackle this serious problem?