Will the Secretary of   State join me in congratulating the college?
Does she agree that future success requires us to sort out financial inconsistencies such as lecturers’ pay and VAT liabilities?
My hon.
Friend identifies a number of the challenges that we have inherited as a new Government.
We are working as quickly as we can to address them.
We want to ensure that teachers right across the sector, whether in our schools, the FE sector or colleges, get the support, the pay and the recognition that they deserve.
In Brighton’s non-academy sixth-form colleges, the current teacher strike action stems largely from the Government not providing the same funding to cover pay uplifts as they do for schools and academies.
Will the Secretary of State urgently correct that unjustified funding anomaly?
At the Budget, we set out an additional £300 million for further education.
The hon.
Lady will know that the Government are not responsible for and play no role in setting or making recommendations about teacher pay in FE colleges.
We are looking closely at sixth-form colleges too as part of this, which again is part of the challenge that we inherited from the last Government.
I welcome this Government’s ambition to ensure that 40,000 extra children are school ready every year.
However, at schools such as West End school in Oswaldtwistle in my constituency, there are no extra classrooms to make extra nursery provision available.
Will the Minister consider capital funding to ensure that lots of primary schools have the opportunity to extend high quality nursery provision?
The Government are committed to rolling out school-based nurseries.
I would welcome the opportunity to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss those issues further.
I assure the Education Secretary that we are very positive about schooling in this country.
I am sure that she will want to thank all school leaders for their work to help English schools to soar up the rankings for the programme for international student assessment and programme for international student assessment rankings—PISA and TIMMS—but will she join me in sending personal congratulations to Katharine Birbalsingh, whose approach to discipline, the curriculum and teacher-led instruction makes her school Michaela the best in the country?
I will always celebrate the fantastic work of our school leaders and teachers, because they are how we will drive high and rising standards across our school system.
The hon.
Gentleman and I probably have more in common than he realises.
He might recognise these words:
“The greatest injustice in Britain today is that your life is still largely determined not by your efforts and talents but by where you come from, who your parents are and what schools you attend.
This is wrong.”
They are taken from the 2017 Conservative manifesto, which he was involved in writing.
This Government will right those wrongs and break the link between background—
Order.
It might be easier if I say it.
One side says, “It’s all their fault,” and the other says, “They’ve been in power.”
That is the answer to every question.
I recently visited Heasandford primary school in my constituency, which  is in a dire state.
Will the Minister meet me and Lancashire county council to see what we can do to repair the school—the biggest in Lancashire by class number—and make sure that it is fit for children’s ambitions in Burnley?
We are committed to improving the condition of the estate through the annual funding programme.
I will happily meet my hon.
Friend to discuss those issues further.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State to make a statement on plans for the reform of planning committees.
As the House will be aware, in our first King’s Speech in July the Government announced their intention to introduce a planning and infrastructure Bill, designed to streamline the delivery of essential housing and infrastructure across the country and support sustained economic growth.