The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right, though, that Ministers already have powers to take over a local plan in extremis; they have not been used before.
We are more than willing to use all the powers at our disposal to ensure that we have up-to-date local plan coverage.
If there are local authorities out there—I say this very candidly and openly to the House—that resist the changes that we are trying to make and take no steps towards putting an up-to-date local plan in place, we will consider using all the powers at our disposal.
It is through local plans that we will drive sustainable housing supply in the years to come.
I welcome the mandatory training.
As a former chair of a planning committee, I know that training was part of the process that we implemented, so it is good to see that it will be delivered across the board.
We approved some developments multiple times on the same site, such as a maternity block in my constituency, which was then flipped and sold on to another developer.
Could the Minister please tell us what steps are being taken to account for land banking or flipping sites via developers?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that there are good examples of training across the country.
Hon.
Members seemed to indicate earlier that they thought that mandatory training for councillors was in place.
It is not in place.
We know there are good examples out there, but provision is inconsistent, and we think that we need to take forward mandatory training to ensure that all councillors have the necessary knowledge to make the best decisions on individual applications.
On my hon.
Friend’s point about trading of land, she is absolutely right.
There is far too much speculative development in this country.
We have a dysfunctional land market.
Again, I come back to the importance of up-to-date local plans.
It is through up-to-date local plans that communities have the ability to shape development in their area in the best possible way in accordance with their wishes.
On build-out more generally, we are considering what options might be available to us to ensure that the build-out of consented sites goes forward, alongside our new homes accelerator, which was announced a few months back.
Until September this year, I was a proud elected member of Stockport council.
I made decisions on planning, because in Stockport we decide at ward level what is appropriate for each ward.
If I understand the Government’s suggestions correctly, the power to decide for ourselves has been taken away from Stockport council.
Could the Minister confirm my understanding?
I am afraid to say that the hon.
Lady’s understanding is not correct.
I encourage her to read the working paper.
It is a working paper, and we are seeking initial views on a national scheme of delegation.
There are three options in the working paper.
I look forward to her submitting her views in full, and I will happily consider them.
I welcome the Government’s new ambition on homes and note that the stated aim is to ensure that
“skilled planning officers in local authorities are given the appropriate amount of trust and empowerment.”
Unfortunately, that is not the case in Middlesbrough, because the last Tory Government handed over power to the unwanted Middlesbrough Development Corporation, which totally undermined the council’s planning department and instead used a private planning consultancy, at a significantly higher cost to the public purse and with a considerable loss of democratic authority.
What assurances can the Minister give me that Middlesbrough will get the trust, the empowerment and, indeed, the affordable housing that it needs, and that local democratic legitimacy will be restored?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the importance of local empowerment and of local communities shaping development in their areas—most importantly, as I have made clear in answer to several questions, through up-to-date local plans.
My hon.