The statutory guidance is very clear that relationship and sexual health education should be delivered through a whole-school approach.
Through our safer streets and opportunities missions, the Government are considering how best to support schools in tackling this issue.
What progress her Department has made on its review of applied general qualifications.
We are making good progress with the review of qualifications reform, which has focused on the level 3 qualifications that are scheduled to have their funding removed on  31 July 2025 .
We are working  quickly to provide certainty to the sector, and will publish the outcomes of the review before the end of the year.
I draw the House’s attention to my declared interests: I am the governor of a sixth-form college.
I thank the Minister for that answer, but she will know that the certainty that she hopes to give is simply not there.
Colleges have had to put off printing prospectuses.
They have had open evenings and assemblies for schools at which they have not been able to confirm what they will teach.
There are staff allocation issues, and they have even been asked to make projections about T-level funding for T-levels that they are not sure they will have the pupil numbers for, because they do not know which equivalent BTecs will be stood down.
They will enter 2025 not knowing what they can teach.
Does she think that is acceptable?
What support will there be for colleges that will have to turn things around very quickly, whatever the outcome of the review?
I thank my hon.
Friend for really pushing me on this issue, and for explaining the situation so well.
I acknowledge to him and the sector the uncertainty and difficulties in this area.
Following the election, we moved quickly to pause the defunding that was scheduled for  31 July 2024 .
I fully appreciate that colleges need time to plan their provision, and that students need time to plan what courses they will take.
We are working as quickly as possible to conclude the review, and we will publish the outcomes before the end of the year.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reduce levels of child poverty.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reduce levels of child poverty.
Tackling child poverty is at the heart of our opportunity mission.
After a decade of Conservative Government, far too many children are growing up in poverty.
It is a scar on our society, a blight on young lives, and the centrepiece of the Conservatives’ shameful legacy.
The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions and I are getting on with the job of chairing the child poverty taskforce, which has started the urgent work needed ahead of the publication of our child poverty strategy in spring 2025.
During the summer, I visited the holiday activities and food programme run by Stockton borough council, which provides a healthy meal for low-income families in my constituency.
Can my right hon.
Friend provide some assurance that funding for that programme will continue into next year?
I join my hon.
Friend by extending my thanks to the staff at Stockton borough council for their hard work on the holiday activities and food programme over the past year.
We are working through our budget settlement to agree measures to support families during the holidays, and in due course we will  set out what further steps we can take.
He will know, as I do, that while talent is spread across our country, opportunity is not.
His constituency is full of children whom the Conservatives let down.
This Labour Government will break down barriers.
We know that children growing up in poverty on average do less well in education, with many children also having to miss out on other enriching school activities such as days out because they simply cannot afford them.