The planning system is an area of interest to all Members and to our constituents; I know it is to you in particular, Mr Speaker, and to your constituency.
Planning matters, because it impacts the look and feel of our communities.
It has been the subject of numerous parliamentary questions, both at the Dispatch Box and in writing.
In response to all those questions, we have been told to await the national planning policy framework.
It therefore seems a discourtesy to us to hear so much about the proposed reforms to the planning system in a series of media interviews over the weekend.
Some questions emerge from this.
It is clear from the Department’s figures that 96% of planning applications are decided on by officers using delegated powers.
That is up from 75% in 2000.
It is that 4% to which the local democratic voice is so relevant.
On the planning reform working paper, first, what assessment has been made of the impact on local democracy—for example, on the ability of ward councillors to call in a controversial application, or on cases in which reserved matters are approved, but then there is a breach by the developer, so the application needs to come back before a committee for further consideration and enforcement?
Given that 89% of major applications are decided within either 13 weeks or the agreed deadlines, will the full council still be able to call in major strategic applications that will have a significant impact on their area?
Already, 87% of applications are granted by local authorities; will neighbourhood plans retain the legal status that enables the communities that write them to have a say on what goes on in their area?
Given that 83% of minor applications are already agreed within timescale, who in the local authority will decide whether a matter is to be referred to a committee?
Given the huge increase in housing planning permissions granted under the previous Government, when do the Government intend to start work on getting developers developing and builders building, rather than tinkering with a democratic system that has already delivered more than 1 million homes with consent in England?
I have to say, it is quite rich hearing the hon.
Gentleman crow about planning permissions in the system.
We are experiencing the lowest number of planning permissions and completions for a decade, as a result of the Conservatives’ changes to the national planning policy framework, made in December 2023, which torpedoed supply and hit growth across this country.
The hon.
Gentleman also asked about the NPPF.
We fully intend to bring forward a revised NPPF before the end of the year.
These changes do not relate to the NPPF,  as I made clear in my initial response.
We are consulting, in an initial sense, on the changes before bringing forward formal proposals for consultation alongside the planning and infrastructure Bill—another part of the Government’s reform agenda.
The hon.
Gentleman rightly made it clear that 96% of decisions are already made by planning officers.
The other 4% of decisions, though, are incredibly important; they represent a substantial portion of total units in the planning process, because many major applications go to a planning committee for consideration.
While we know that there is good practice out there, the number and type of applications that committees consider still varies widely between local planning authorities.
Some committee decisions are not made in accordance with material planning considerations, and some committees repeatedly revisit or relitigate developments that have already been considered by elected members through the local plan process.
We need to streamline the local planning system in order to provide the homes and places that we need, and to empower trained planning professionals to get the best use out of the system.
The hon.
Gentleman also asked about neighbourhood plans.
I have been very clear on several occasions in the House that the protections for neighbourhood plans in the NPPF will remain.