Friend tell the House what steps she is taking to address the reasons for teachers quitting the profession?
I join my hon.
Friend in praising the amazing teachers and support staff in his constituency and across our country for the vital work that they do.
I want to ensure not only that we keep teachers in the profession but that they thrive in it, which is why I was pleased to agree to the recommendation of a 5.5% pay award, but we know that there is much more to do to keep experienced, dedicated staff in the profession.
I know from speaking to many of them that many of the challenges they face go way beyond the school gate.
That is why I am proud to lead the work on child poverty, together with the Work and Pensions Secretary, to address some of the drivers of workload and pressures that many of our school staff are facing.
Some 9,000 women in their 30s left teaching in 2022-23.
This is the single biggest age group leaving teaching in Bath and across the country.
Will the Government improve maternity pay for teachers and teaching assistants?
The hon.
Lady is right to identify that challenge, and I have used that statistic many times myself.
I am really concerned about the big numbers of experienced women, particularly those in their 30s, who leave teaching because they find it too difficult to combine work with family life.
That is why, as part of what we have set out to the School Teachers Review Body process, we have asked it to look specifically at some of those challenges.
As part of our wider work across Government to make work pay, we are ensuring better rights at work and that maternity protections are rolled out for workers across our country.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, which shows that I am in the 19th year of being a proud primary school governor.
The Secretary of State will know that schools are led by teachers but also that many volunteers go towards making our schools the brilliant places of learning that they are.
Too many of the schools in my constituency have vacancies for governors.
Will the Secretary of State tell us what she is doing to increase the recruitment and retention of school governors?
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on the important work that she does as a school governor.
They are the unsung heroes across our communities in terms of the support they provide to our schools.
I recognise the increasing challenge that she sets out around how we can ensure that people come forward to take on those important roles.
That is why we have been working with the bodies representing governors to ensure that we attract more people into those important roles to drive forward standards in our schools.
What steps she is taking to increase the availability of breakfast clubs in primary schools.
What steps she is taking to increase the availability of breakfast clubs in primary schools.
Schools with primary age pupils can now apply to become early adopters of the universal free breakfast club programme starting from April 2025.
Up to 750 participating schools will be funded to provide access to a free universal breakfast club lasting at least 30 minutes that includes food.
In my constituency, parents speak to me about their worries and concerns regarding education provision and support.
These range from being able to get their children into a good local school to how they will be able to continue to work while parenting.
Will my hon.
Friend outline further the benefits that breakfast clubs will bring to parents and pupils in constituencies such as mine?