Friend to discuss those issues further.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State to make a statement on plans for the reform of planning committees.
As the House will be aware, in our first King’s Speech in July the Government announced their intention to introduce a planning and infrastructure Bill, designed to streamline the delivery of essential housing and infrastructure across the country and support sustained economic growth.
We made clear at the time that an important component of that Bill would be measures to modernise the operation of planning committees.
Planning committees play a vital role in providing local democratic oversight of planning decisions.
However, if we are to undo the damage that the previous Government did to housing supply in this country and deliver homes in the places that our communities need, we must ensure that they are operating as effectively as possible.
As we look to develop Government policy in this area, we are determined to avoid the mistakes of previous Conservative Administrations, who were rightly criticised for bringing forward planning legislation without sufficient engagement or consultation.
We also want to ensure that the changes to the operation of planning committees that we ultimately take forward are as robust as possible, drawing on feedback from those who navigate England’s planning system on a daily basis.
That is why today we have published a working paper that sets out our initial thinking for modernising planning committees.
This is just the latest in a series of working papers on planning reform, and it is explicitly designed to kick-start engagement before we launch a formal Government consultation on a more detailed proposition.
As such, I assure Members across the House that there will be plenty of opportunity to engage with and debate these matters in the months ahead.
The working paper seeks views on three potential changes: first, a national scheme of delegation, setting out which types of planning applications should be determined at committee and which by expert planning officers.
We believe that that would bring clarity and consistency to both applicants and communities about how applications are determined.
Secondly, the introduction of dedicated committees for strategic development would allow members of those committees to dedicate energy to the most significant projects.
Thirdly, the introduction of mandatory planning training for committee members would enable applicants to be confident in the knowledge of those making these decisions.
Taken together, the changes are designed to help streamline local planning decision making, maximise the use of professional skills and judgment of trained planners, and focus the time of elected councillors on the most significant or controversial applications.
As I said a moment ago, the working paper published today is merely the start of our engagement with the sector on this important issue.
It is not a firm set of confirmed proposals, and we will use discussions in the new year to  refine our approach.
We will then prepare final policy proposals, on which we will launch a consultation in the usual way.
Let me finish by making it clear that the proposals that we are testing through the publication of this working paper are merely one part of a much wider set of reforms to the ailing planning system that we inherited from the previous Government.
I look forward to updating hon.
Members as we proceed to deliver on other aspects of the Government’s ambitious housing and planning agenda.
Many of us were surprised to hear the Secretary of State tell us over the weekend that there are enough homes in this country.
The planning system is an area of interest to all Members and to our constituents; I know it is to you in particular, Mr Speaker, and to your constituency.
Planning matters, because it impacts the look and feel of our communities.
It has been the subject of numerous parliamentary questions, both at the Dispatch Box and in writing.