His constituency is full of children whom the Conservatives let down.
This Labour Government will break down barriers.
We know that children growing up in poverty on average do less well in education, with many children also having to miss out on other enriching school activities such as days out because they simply cannot afford them.
Does the Secretary of State agree that every child, including the almost 7,000 children living in poverty in my Sherwood Forest constituency, should have the same opportunities to thrive at school, and that tackling child poverty is essential in ensuring that every child can succeed?
I agree; it is absolutely right that children in my hon.
Friend’s constituency deserve every chance to achieve and thrive, and that is the ultimate goal of our child poverty taskforce.
As the Prime Minister set out just last week through our plan for change, we want to give every child the best start in life, and that is just not possible if millions of children across our country are growing up in poverty.
What steps her Department is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps her Department is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
The Government’s ambition is that all children with special educational needs receive the right support to succeed, where possible in mainstream schools.
We will strengthen accountability and improve inclusivity through Ofsted, and we will support professionals to develop their SEND expertise.
High needs funding will increase by almost £1 billion in the next spending year.
Children with special educational needs and disabilities in Shropshire are relatively poorly funded compared with those in the rest of the country.
Top-up funding for those with the highest level of needs is just £7,000, meaning that the schools that support them cannot even afford a full-time teaching assistant to help them progress.
Can the Minister describe what she is doing to ensure that funding is fairly distributed across the country, so that children with special educational needs can get the help they need wherever they live?
We know that local authorities have been significantly impacted by increased demand for education, health and care plans, as well as challenges in workforce capacity.
We expect the £740 million of additional investment to create thousands of new places in both mainstream and special schools and in specialist settings.
We will confirm the allocations to specific local authorities, which know how best to invest in their local areas to increase capacity as needed, in the spring.
Across Surrey last year, more than 1,800 children with special educational needs were absent from school for more than a third of the time.
Special educational needs co-ordinators are incredibly frustrated that EHCPs are coming back from our local council with the wrong names, describing the wrong conditions and offering the wrong packages of care.
Teachers are stretched, headteachers cannot stretch their budgets any further, and one or both parents are having to give up employment to look after their children, yet the leadership of Surrey county council has said that there is not a problem with special educational needs, but that there are parents who are too articulate.
Would the Minister please meet me and SENCOs to discuss this very serious—
Order.
Can I just say to the hon.
Gentleman that it is much easier if he gets to the question, instead of having all the preamble?
I cannot get other people in.
I think the question was clear.
Following the most recent local area SEND inspection by Ofsted and the Care Quality Commission in September 2023, the Department—working alongside NHS England—continues to track the progress that the Surrey partnership is making against the areas for improvement that were identified, offering support and advice to the local authority.
I appreciate the significant concerns that the hon.
Gentleman outlines, and we will continue to keep the situation under review.