The plan for change sets out that we will improve support through pregnancy and early childhood.
The Start for Life programme is the responsibility of Department of  Health and Social Care Ministers, but officials would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this important issue.
What steps are under way to recruit and retain more educational psychologists so that children, including in Chesham and Amersham, do not have to wait as long as they currently are for the assessment they need?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
We are working at pace to ensure that we have more professionals, along with the Department of Health and Social Care, which is also ensuring that we have the right workforce to support all children with special educational needs.
I will write to the hon.
Lady with specific details of the steps being taken.
After years of failure by West Sussex county council to plan properly for secondary school places, parents in Shoreham face another year of waiting to find out if their children will have to travel a long distance for their education.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss their concerns?
Local authorities have a statutory duty to ensure that there are sufficient secondary school places and that children can go to school, and travel should not be a barrier to their getting to school.
I know how important this issue is for parents, and I would be happy to arrange a meeting for my hon.
Friend to discuss it further.
My  constituent, 14-year-old Lewis, has been out of school for two years and his education has been disrupted for four.
He is yet another child whose parents have been told by Kent county council that he must attend a particular school despite the school saying that it is unable to meet his specific educational needs.
This is typical of the battle that many families I see have to go through for years, costing them time and money and causing infinite stress.
Will the Minister meet me and the parents to ensure that he is one of the last children to suffer from Kent county council’s continual neglect of SEN children?
The hon.
Lady raises an important matter, which far too many people are having to raise.
I would be happy to meet her not only to discuss this matter further, but to reiterate the steps we are taking to fix this broken SEND system.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
We know that good quality early years education can play a significant role in closing the disadvantage gap, yet the Government have inherited a situation in which families who live in disadvantaged areas are the least likely to be able to access good quality childcare.
How will the Secretary of State ensure that access to good quality childcare and early years education is at the heart of the Government’s child poverty strategy?
I agree strongly, and that is why, alongside additional investment, there must be reform.
We will make sure that the areas that my hon.
Friend identifies are addressed.
I look forward to discussing them in front of the Select Committee before too long.
I recently visited the excellent Haven SEND unit at Budehaven community school in North Cornwall, and I invite the Minister to visit so that it can be replicated elsewhere.
Does she plan to extend the unit’s funding beyond February’s cliff edge, given that Cornwall council’s SEND deficit is currently £12 million and counting?
Local authorities normally support special units in schools with funding from their high needs budget, but officials would be happy to investigate the funding arrangements for this school.
Cornwall county council is being allocated a provisional amount of more than £86.6 million in the 2025-26 financial year through the high needs national funding formula, but we are happy to take away the particular issue that the hon.
Gentleman raises.