I call the shadow Minister.
Because of the increase in national insurance, the Early Years Alliance is warning of a 20% increase in fees for early years parents, which affects nurseries and things like paid-for breakfast clubs.
It says that the Budget will be a “recipe for total disaster”, with up to four in 10 early years providers closing unless drastic action is taken.
As a first step towards averting that disaster, will the Secretary of State now agree to publish the Department’s estimate of how much the national insurance increase will cost early years providers?
If she will not publish it, why not?
Does the House not deserve to have this information?
I take the concerns of early years providers very seriously indeed, and we will set out in due course the funding rates and the approach that we are taking.
The hon.
Gentleman and the Conservative  party are very keen to complain about and criticise the measures that we set out in the Budget, yet the Leader of the Opposition herself said that she would refuse to reverse them.
They want all the benefits—the teachers, the breakfast clubs and rising standards—but they are not prepared to take the tough decisions that are necessary.
As a former Treasury Minister, the shadow Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott) , should know better, because she saw the scale of the fiscal inheritance that this Government inherited from her party.
What steps she is taking to improve teacher recruitment and retention in Portsmouth North constituency.
What steps she is taking to improve teacher recruitment and retention.
As the first step towards our opportunity mission, we have begun the critical work of recruiting 6,500 new expert teachers.
We have fully funded a 5.5% pay award, begun Ofsted reform, and taken steps to make teachers’ work more flexible and ensure that workloads are more manageable.
I am determined to reset the relationship between Government and the workforce to drive high and rising standards for all our children.
At a recent local public meeting in Paulsgrove, Portsmouth, parents raised concerns about school provision and the learning environment.
As a local authority, we sit in the bottom three in the league tables.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking not only to improve recruitment and retention in specialist subjects, but to ensure that there are key staff in specialist areas, where different learning environments are needed in our classrooms?
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the challenges that we face in particular parts of the country, and there are no greater champions of Portsmouth than her and the Under-Secretary of State for Education, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) .
We are taking steps to ensure that teaching is the go-to profession for our best graduates, as well as ensuring that we keep experienced, well-qualified professionals in teaching.
On specialist support, we have set out measures around SEND reform and additional investment to address the challenges that my hon.
Friend identifies.
I begin by thanking all the teachers, support staff and senior leaders in my constituency of Southgate and Wood Green, and across the country, for their hard work ensuring that our children receive the high quality education they deserve.
Teachers’ pay, their workload and the environment in which they work have been highlighted as reasons why they leave the profession.
Can my right hon.
Friend tell the House what steps she is taking to address the reasons for teachers quitting the profession?
I join my hon.
Friend in praising the amazing teachers and support staff in his constituency and across our country for the vital work that they do.