Gentleman for that set of questions, and I am glad that he personally welcomes housing.
When it comes to his party, on this issue, as on so many others, the view you get depends on what part of the country you are in.
We are absolutely committed to increasing the delivery of social and affordable homes.
We have taken decisive early steps to bring that forward, including by securing an additional £500 million in the Budget for the affordable homes programme.
Until the Liberal Democrats set out how they will pay for 150,000 social rented homes a year, I find the hon.
Gentleman’s ambition in that area a little lacking in credibility.
We are taking steps to get serious on build out—that is part of our planning agenda—but on these changes, we think it is right that planning committees should operate as effectively as possible in exercising democratic oversight, not revisit or relitigate the same decisions, and focus on applications that require planning committee member input.
He is absolutely right that we need more planning capacity in the system.
That is why we are making changes through the NPPF to support that, and why at the Budget the Chancellor announced a £46 million package of investment to support capacity and capability in local planning authorities.
When I was leader of Manchester city council, I spent a large percentage of my time trying to right the wrongs of Labour and Conservative Governments in the ’60s and ’70s who had made a similar dash to build many, many houses.
I spent my time finding ways to fund the demolition of deck-access housing.
As a result, I became convinced that the solution to every problem is not more power to the centre.
The people in Chorley know what is best for Chorley, Mr Speaker, just as the people in Manchester know what is best for Manchester.
Will my hon.
Friend assure me that he will look at the mistakes that were made in the ’60s and ’70s in the dash  for building, and ensure that we do not have really bad decisions made from the centre, or the exclusion of local councils?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
He is right about some of the bad decisions that were made in the past.
I am a keen student of history and am well aware of some of them, and we definitely take them into account when making our own decisions.
On what he said about seizing power from the centre, this is absolutely nothing of the sort.
We are proposing a national scheme of delegation to provide consistency in how councils make these important decisions.
That involves a national scheme of delegation, which balances vital local democratic oversight with ensuring that planning committees operate as effectively as possible.
In instances where local councillors are not making the decisions and applications can be dealt with by trained local planning officers—not by me, or by officials in Whitehall—we think that is the right thing to do, in order to streamline the delivery of essential housing in parts of the country that are crying out for those homes.
I call the Father of the House.
There is nothing more controversial than Governments seeking to bypass local democracy.
I saw that with the desire of the last Government to bypass local democracy by imposing a special development order on RAF Scampton, and I see it now with the many applications to build solar farms that are ostensibly national infrastructure projects.
The present planning system was largely created by the Labour Government, and has stood the test of time.
Can the Minister assure me that whatever he decides finally, we will not degrade local democracy?
It is essential that people join a council, and join a planning committee, knowing that they have real powers and are not under the cosh of Government, or plans imposed by Government.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for that question.