My hon.
Friend is right that it should not be the case that young people in places such as Hexham should have to get out in order to get on.
We are creating Skills England to fill the skills gaps we see across our country.
Skills England will also work with our regional mayors to ensure that we address some of the regional inequalities we see, as well as some of the opportunity areas, because we know that particular parts of the country have a real ability to drive forward growth, jobs and opportunities.
South Staffordshire college’s creative arts faculty is based at Lichfield college in my constituency.
In January, it will open a new state-of-the-art recording studio and rehearsal space that will allow students to develop skills in both music performance and music production, ensuring that they are well prepared for careers in the creative arts for their entire future.
Does the Secretary of State agree that such investments are essential for the UK to maintain its role as a global leader in the creative arts, and that the Government should support them wherever they can?
Absolutely.
That is why we set out in the Budget an additional £300 million of capital investment for our colleges.
I am sure that the opportunities that my hon.
Friend sets out are just the kind that we need to see across our country.
The creative industries have a crucial role to play in driving growth in communities right across our country, and through our curriculum and assessment review we will ensure that all young people have the chance to study a wide range of subjects.
This morning I had the pleasure of visiting South Essex college in my constituency, which offers a significant variety of post-16 skills-based courses, from theatre and music production through to digital skills, robotics and hospitality.
The college is keen to raise the aspirations of local young people, matching their ambitions with the needs of employers in the region.
What role does the Secretary of State see the further education sector playing in delivering the Government’s skills agenda?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that our further education colleges have a crucial role to play in providing opportunities for our young people and for adult returners to education.
Colleges have a strong impact on regional economic growth.
We think that they have a bigger role to play still, which is why they will be a central part of what we take forward through Skills England.
At the general election, the Government said that they would specifically target technical training in areas such as construction, engineering and digital, in order to  take pressure off immigration into key roles, so why are they failing to act on the pay gap between further education teaching posts and those in schools?
I agree that there is a very big pay gap for further education; I gently say to the right hon.
Gentleman that it took place over the last 14 years, during which his party was in power.
I absolutely accept the challenge that more is required, because our further education colleges have a crucial role to play, but that is the situation we inherited from the Conservative party.
The Secretary of State will be aware that all analyses of the supply of green skills, such as the recent global climate talent stocktake, show a massive undersupply of such skills.
Demand is growing at double the rate of supply.
What are the Government’s plans to address that important shortfall, and will the Secretary of State or her officials meet me to discuss how such plans might include unblocking the approval of new qualifications—for example, the currently blocked natural history GCSE?
I agree that there are lots of job opportunities in the years to come in clean technology, green jobs and much more besides.