The hon.
Gentleman also asked about neighbourhood plans.
I have been very clear on several occasions in the House that the protections for neighbourhood plans in the NPPF will remain.
As well as firm proposals on this proposition around modernising planning committees, we will bring forward further details about changes to the national planning policy framework in due course.
My hon.
Friend will know that I am passionately committed to local councils and local democracy, but does he understand the frustration that many of us feel when a planning authority democratically approves a local plan after consulting the community, but then, when an application is made to build homes, the same councillors turn down the application, despite it being consistent with the local plan?
Is the Minister’s main objective to try to remove that sort of decision making, which holds up the whole process, and to ensure, in consultation with the Local Government Association and others in local government, that we can find a better way forward, so that we can get the permissions to build the homes that the country badly needs?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
He has huge expertise in this area from his time as Chair of the Housing, Communities and Local Government Committee, and he is absolutely right.
We have been clear that the best way for local communities to shape the decisions about what to build, where, is through local plans.
It is appalling that we have inherited a situation in which less than a third of places are covered by up-to-date local plans.
We need to boost that, and—[Interruption.]
If  the hon.
Member for Hamble Valley (Paul Holmes)  will allow me, what we are looking at, in the changes that we are consulting on, in a soft form, through the working paper, is how we can ensure that planning committees make decisions on the most significant and controversial applications, including those that are not in line with local plans, rather than spending their time poring over decisions that have been made in an allocation framework through the local plan process.
Hon.
Members will see in the working paper that one of our proposals, for a national scheme for delegation, would require all applications that are in accordance with the development plan to be determined by officers.
That will free up committees to focus on controversial development that is out of step with the local plan that elected members and officers put forward after consultation with their communities.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
As there are 8.5 million people in England with unmet housing need, the Liberal Democrats welcome the plans for further house building.
For us, the priority has to be the delivery of social homes.
We need 150,000 annually, and we need housing that local people can genuinely afford.
On the topic of social housing, I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Let us be clear: when Whitehall takes planning decisions out of the hands of local councillors, it is taking decisions out of the hands of local people.
That is undemocratic, and we would reverse that.
Instead, Government should unblock the thousands of permitted homes that are not being built—for example, through “use it or lose it” permissions, by having more than just one extra planning officer per local authority, and by allowing councils to set their fees and to ringfence that income for planning departments.
Will the Minister allow councils to set their application fees, and ensure that that funding is ringfenced for planning departments?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that set of questions, and I am glad that he personally welcomes housing.
When it comes to his party, on this issue, as on so many others, the view you get depends on what part of the country you are in.
We are absolutely committed to increasing the delivery of social and affordable homes.