Following the most recent local area SEND inspection by Ofsted and the Care Quality Commission in September 2023, the Department—working alongside NHS England—continues to track the progress that the Surrey partnership is making against the areas for improvement that were identified, offering support and advice to the local authority.
I appreciate the significant concerns that the hon.
Gentleman outlines, and we will continue to keep the situation under review.
Bradstow special school in my constituency supports some of the most vulnerable children across the south-east.
More than half of those children are from families in Kent, yet Tory-led Kent county council has refused to pay £2 million in fees, contributing to that school now facing closure.
Kent has been offered the school for free, including all of its land, yet it is refusing to keep the school open.
Will the Minister join me in urging Kent county council to take responsibility and work with the governing body, staff and children’s families to ensure that we can keep this vital school open?
If we are to improve the situation that far too many children face in relation to special educational needs and disabilities, and to meet demand, which we know is outstripping supply, it is vital that areas work together in partnership.
That is why we very much recommend that local authorities work together with health partners and local schools to solve some of those challenges together.
The Department for Education will work closely with them to make sure that every child gets the education they deserve.
A National Audit Office report published in October highlights that special educational needs places in independent schools can cost two and a half times as much as in state schools.
Does the Minister agree that if we are to ensure that children get the support they need in future, we will have to assist local authorities in expanding their number of special needs places?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
We know that the situation needs reform, and that we need much greater capacity within mainstream  schools so that children with special educational needs and disabilities can be educated alongside their peers where that is the appropriate place for them to be, but also so that special school places are available where needed.
That is why we have put in £740 million of additional investment to support mainstream schools to expand their specialist provision.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Children growing up in our country deserve the best start in life, and nothing less.
That is why, last week, the Prime Minister published his plan for change, including an ambitious target to ensure that, by the end of the Parliament, a record proportion of children are ready for school.
We will do this by transforming the early years, creating and expanding nurseries, rolling out childcare, strengthening family services and focusing on early intervention.
Mr Speaker, as we approach the end of the term, I wish you and all the staff of the House a very merry Christmas, and send my thanks to all the staff working across education.
I have met private schools in and around Tatton that are attended by my constituents’ children, and they have all me told that, despite having applied for a VAT number, not one of them has received it.
Will the Secretary of State explain to me what discussions she is having with the Chancellor to put this right, particularly in the light of the rushed implementation of this misguided ideological policy in January?
I would be happy to make sure that the point the right hon.
Lady raises is looked into, but on the wider policy priority, I say to her that this party and this Government are determined to expand opportunity right across our country for the vast majority of children, who go to state schools.