What steps is the Secretary of State taking to increase the number and quality of childcare apprenticeships?
I pay tribute to the providers in my hon.
Friend’s constituency for their work.
We want to see great careers right across the early years sector from apprenticeships all the way up to graduate level.
I will happily meet him to discuss that further.
Will the Secretary of State reconfirm her commitment to academies and to the policy of academisation?
We want all schools to do well for our children and to drive high and rising standards regardless of the name above the door.
Academisation has created fragmentation in lines of accountability, leaving local authorities carrying much risk, not least when it comes to SEND provision.
Will my hon.
Friend look at academy governance structures to ensure that local authorities can carry that responsibility and be able to deliver for children with SEN?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
Rather than obsessing about structures and names over doors, we are determined to ensure that every child in every community has a good school and that schools work together in communities with their local authorities to co-operate on place planning and admissions, with every child getting the best education and every school having high and rising standards.
At just £952, the East Riding of Yorkshire has the lowest high needs block funding of any local authority in the country.
Ministers have committed themselves to looking again at the formula so that we can have the right one.
Will they please commit to doing everything they can to bring it in for the next financial year so that we do not have another year of grossly unfair and disproportionate distributions of funding?
The right hon.
Gentleman will know that this is a complex area.
It would not have been possible to make any changes to the funding formula this year, but we will look in the future at what changes might be required.
I am sure that as part of that process he will make representations on behalf of his constituents.
I talk to special educational needs co-ordinators across Harlow and Essex on a regular basis, partly because my best friend is one.
He tells me that a number of special educational needs co-ordinators—easy for me to say—are leaving the profession because of their high workload and the stress that it causes.
What support will the Government give to ensure that special educational needs co-ordinators get the support, including mental health support, that they need?
My hon.
Friend is a strong advocate for special educational needs in his community.
We know that SENCOs perform a vital function in making sure that children and their families get the support they need to access the education they deserve.
He is right that they deserve support as well.
We need to encourage more people to be trained up in and understand the needs of children with special educational needs so that everybody can play their part in creating an inclusive education system.
Businesses report that cyber-attacks are increasing, as is the amount of time they have to wait to employ someone to deal with those cyber-attacks.
What is the Department doing to fill that skills gap?
The hon.
Member is right that there are skills gaps in cyber, digital and tech overall.
That is why Skills England will drive forward our work in addressing those skills gaps as well as in ensuring that our young people have great careers in the years to come.
That is one area in particular where I know there is lots of opportunity for young people to enjoy a fantastic career.
Itchen sixth-form college in my constituency was recently judged to be “outstanding” by Ofsted.
Will the Secretary of   State join me in congratulating the college?
Does she agree that future success requires us to sort out financial inconsistencies such as lecturers’ pay and VAT liabilities?
My hon.