Local authorities normally support special units in schools with funding from their high needs budget, but officials would be happy to investigate the funding arrangements for this school.
Cornwall county council is being allocated a provisional amount of more than £86.6 million in the 2025-26 financial year through the high needs national funding formula, but we are happy to take away the particular issue that the hon.
Gentleman raises.
Parents, teachers and students in my constituency were horrified to find out that the University of Brighton Academies Trust has been taking a whopping 20% of the Government grant meant for our local schools and education.
What is the Minister doing to resolve these issues and make sure that every child in Hastings and Rye gets the best quality education?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
Outcomes in some schools in Hastings are just not good enough.
We are all determined to drive up standards.
Department officials continue to work with the University of Brighton Academies Trust on that.
We are committed to ending its current financial model and to collaborating with school leaders on future budget setting to ensure we can drive high and rising standards in every school, including in Hastings.[Official Report,  10 December 2024 ; Vol.
758, c. 8WC.]
Correction)
Research shows that money habits are instilled in young people from the age of seven.
What are the Government doing to improve financial education in schools, particularly in England, where that is not currently on the national curriculum?
We have launched our curriculum and assessment review to make sure that issues such as the one that the hon.
Gentleman identifies are taken into account.
It is a shame that we seem to hear nothing from the Opposition but negativity about the curriculum and assessment review.
We are determined to make sure that all our children get a brilliant education, with high standards and strong academic outcomes, as well as the kind of life skills that he is right to identify.
We are all keenly aware of the significant challenges that further education colleges continue to face, such as difficulties around repair agreements and funding, which  are not helped by the opportunism from the Opposition, who are responsible for the mess those colleges are in in the first place.
Can the Minister tell us more about the steps she is taking to ensure that these engines for opportunity for our young people, such as Leyton sixth-form college, have the support they need to thrive?
This Government recognise the vital role that FE teachers play in equipping learners with the skills they need to drive growth in our economy.
We are totally committed, and we are keeping our eye and our finger on it.
We have provided an additional £300 million for further education to ensure that young people develop the skills that this country so desperately needs.
Over the weekend, Immanuel prep in my constituency announced it was closing, citing VAT on school fees and other damaging Labour policies.
Does the Secretary of State share my concern about the damage that will do to Jewish children growing up in my constituency and the surrounding area, who will be deprived of access to a Jewish education, which they richly deserve?
The Government’s fiscal inheritance is so dire that we have to take tough, but necessary decisions and take them quickly.
Removing VAT exemptions from January is the right thing to do to deliver for every child across our country.
I was delighted to spend Friday afternoon with Cats Whiskers day nursery and earlier this year, I visited Tops day nursery, which is ranked ninth in the Department’s top 100 apprenticeship employees.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to increase the number and quality of childcare apprenticeships?
I pay tribute to the providers in my hon.
Friend’s constituency for their work.