What steps she is taking to support creative education in schools.
All children deserve a rich and broad education so that they do not miss out on subjects, such as music, art and drama.
As part of our opportunity mission, we have launched an independent, expert-led curriculum and assessment review, and we are committed to ensuring that young people are supported to study creative subjects.
Over the past 14 years, the amount of creative education, particularly at primary level, has been reducing and reducing, so I welcome what the Minister said.
There is evidence that doing creative things and learning creative subjects improves our wellbeing, mental health and academic learning.
Would the Minister support my campaign to bring musical instrument teaching to every primary school in the country, not just the more well-off ones?
My hon.
Friend speaks with great wisdom.
We have confirmed £79 million of funding for a national network of music hubs to give children and young people the opportunity to learn to sing or play an instrument, to create music and to progress their musical interests and talents.
We have also launched the music opportunities pilot, with £5.8 million of funding over four years to support students with special educational needs and disabilities and those with less means to access the opportunities to do so.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Secretary of State has made it clear that she would like more time spent on creative subjects, but she must ensure that does not come at the expense of an academic education.
Last week’s international education stats found that English  children are the best at maths in the western world.
That is brilliant news and testament to the hard work of teachers and pupils.
It is also down to a world-class curriculum put in place by the previous Government.
Will she finally celebrate those results and instruct her curriculum review that it must not dilute academic standards and put that progress at risk?
From their shameless sense of pride, we would never know that the Conservative Government left England’s school standards getting worse.
Conservative Members may be happy that half of disadvantaged pupils in state schools did not meet the requirements in reading, writing or maths at the end of primary school, but we do not think their record is anything to be proud of.
Standards is the watchword for this Labour Government, and not just for some of our children but for all of them.
If she will take steps to educate children about the harms of commercial sexual exploitation.
Secondary schools are required to teach about sexual exploitation, and this Labour Government are committed to halving violence against women and girls within a decade.
Education has a key role to play in addressing that.
I agree entirely.
As we near the end of the 16 days of activism, it is really important that we continue to talk about commercial sexual exploitation, which is the exchange of money, accommodation, services or goods for sex acts.
It has an impact on all young people’s lives, including in my constituency of Monmouthshire, particularly through exposure to violent online pornography, as well as via the damaging message conveyed by the fact that there is legal impunity for running pimping websites.
Does the Minister agree that schools should be supported in addressing these issues through a whole-school approach to combating sexism and sexual harassment, as advocated by organisations such as UK Feminista?
Of course I agree with my hon.
Friend that taking a whole-school approach to tackling sexual abuse and violence is incredibly important.
The statutory guidance is very clear that relationship and sexual health education should be delivered through a whole-school approach.
Through our safer streets and opportunities missions, the Government are considering how best to support schools in tackling this issue.
What progress her Department has made on its review of applied general qualifications.