It is essential that people join a council, and join a planning committee, knowing that they have real powers and are not under the cosh of Government, or plans imposed by Government.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for that question.
We have to take steps to fix the ailing planning system that we have inherited.
It is failing on a number of fronts, and trust and confidence in it is at a record low.
As for the assertion that we have heard, for all the hyperbole from Conservative Members, we are not seizing power from the centre.
We are saying to local communities, “Put an up-to-date local plan in place, and when sites are allocated through that local plan, you can be confident that they will be built out in the manner that you have specified.
It is through local plans that you get your control.”
However, when it comes to the decisions on specific sites, let us ensure, if we can, that elected members are directed towards the most significant and controversial applications, as opposed to some of the minor applications that involve technical reserved matters questions.
I have sat on a planning committee; I do not know whether the right hon.
Gentleman has.
In the case of those applications, the initial decision can be re-litigated and revisited, rather than the technical issues being put to us.
Let us ensure that those decisions sit in the hands of trained planning professionals, and get planning committee member time focused on the applications that deserve it.
It is good to see the Government’s recommitment to the importance of local plans.
In July this year, Milton Keynes city council went through the important process of developing a local plan.
During the election campaign, the former Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Richmond and Northallerton (Rishi Sunak) , visited my home town and described the development of a local plan as “reckless”.
Will the Minister reassure us that this Government do not believe that local plans are reckless, but consider them necessary for the sustainable delivery of the homes that the country needs?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question, and I absolutely agree with him.
We have a local-plan-led planning system, in which fewer than a third of areas have an up-to-date local plan, and that is unsustainable.
We are absolutely determined to drive towards universal local plan coverage.
The measures on which we are consulting—and I emphasise that this is a working paper; we are seeking views, and hon.
Members are more than welcome to submit theirs as we refine our proposals—will reinforce and support the plan-led system by ensuring that officer and member time is focused on the applications where that is most needed.
Communities can have confidence that once they have an up-to-date local plan, it can be decided what to build, and where, in accordance with the wishes of local communities and the wider national planning policy framework.
As the Housing and Planning Minister will be aware, both Dacorum borough council and Three Rivers district council in my constituency are Lib Dem-controlled; Three Rivers has been for over 20 years.
Both councils do not have an up-to-date local plan.
Can the Minister advise the House about what would happen if the Government imposed a local plan on an authority?
Would those decisions be delegated to officers?
If so, the process would have no democratic mandate at all.
We have not outlined any proposals in the working paper that relate to call-ins or the takeover of local plans from the centre.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right, though, that Ministers already have powers to take over a local plan in extremis; they have not been used before.
We are more than willing to use all the powers at our disposal to ensure that we have up-to-date local plan coverage.