We need to get this right.
For 14 years, Governments have criticised teachers, and this has had a dreadful effect on recruitment and retention.
Will the Minister please update the House on the measures she is taking to tackle this serious problem?
May I, too, take this opportunity to wish a merry Christmas to all of our teachers and school support staff when they finally get to the Christmas break?
We are working at pace to recruit 6,500 new teachers.
We have fully funded the 5.5% pay award, we have removed reductive headline Ofsted judgments, and we are working to reduce workloads and ensure more flexibility.
We have announced a £233 million package of recruitment incentives, and we are very committed to supporting our teaching workforce.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
A new report from the Institute for Public Policy Research shows that the most deprived areas have a third fewer childcare places than the most affluent.
If the Government are serious about improving school readiness among our children, will the Secretary of State look at the Liberal Democrat proposal to triple the early years pupil premium so that we can tackle the disadvantage gap when it matters most?
I do recognise the challenge the hon.
Lady sets out and the very real challenge the Government have inherited in the provision of places.
Our approach of rolling out nursery space within primary schools is crucial to creating the places that are required.
There is more that we need to do.
The system and sector overall require reform, and we will set out more in this area before long.
My constituent Alison Duxbury is unable to finalise her divorce because of the delays to assessments in the teachers’ pension scheme, which her husband is part of.
Alison is not alone; many others are suffering serious stress and unacceptable delays.
Will the Minister meet me to unlock this bureaucratic logjam?
I recognise the difficulties my hon.
Friend has outlined.
Changes to pension entitlement have caused the significant backlog in processing that we have inherited, but good progress is now being made.
The Department and the administrator are focused on speeding it up.
I appreciate the concerns he has raised and he might want to write to me with more detail, or a meeting could certainly be arranged.
On a recent visit, I saw the benefit of the SEN unit in All Saints school in Sidley.
Does the Minister think that SEN units have a bigger role to play, and will Ministers meet me to discuss the funding challenges such units face?
I recognise the issue the hon.
Gentleman raises.
It is important that we have the right balance between mainstream inclusion and specialist provision where it is needed.
If it would be helpful for him to have a meeting to discuss specific concerns in his area, I would more than happy to arrange it.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on babies, I am delighted that the announcements on Thursday included a one-year continuation of the Start for Life programme, which provides funding for 75 local authorities.
We would, however, very much like all authorities to be able to access this funding in future so that every child is guaranteed the best start.
Is the Secretary of State willing to meet the APPG in the new year to outline her long-term vision for supporting child development at the youngest ages?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the importance of early support for babies.
The plan for change sets out that we will improve support through pregnancy and early childhood.
The Start for Life programme is the responsibility of Department of  Health and Social Care Ministers, but officials would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this important issue.