These range from being able to get their children into a good local school to how they will be able to continue to work while parenting.
Will my hon.
Friend outline further the benefits that breakfast clubs will bring to parents and pupils in constituencies such as mine?
This Government are committed to making quick progress to deliver on our commitment to offer a free breakfast club in every primary school to ensure that children are ready to learn at the start of the school day.
The Chancellor has announced a tripling of investment in breakfast clubs, driving improvements to behaviour, attendance and attainment and, for parents, more choices over childcare.
I have contacted all the primary schools in my constituency to encourage them to become early adopters.
Child poverty in my constituency stands at 12.1%, and food bank use has risen by 433% over the last five years.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that breakfast clubs will be part of the solution by helping to lift children out of poverty, giving them food in their belly to start the school day and encouraging their parents back into part-time employment?
Parents and carers up and down the country are still struggling with the cost of living.
As part of our mission to bring down barriers to opportunity, breakfast clubs give parents and carers the confidence that their child can access a breakfast, should they need one, and we are supporting families to work with the cost of childcare.
It is a pity that the Conservatives cannot say whether they back our plan to deliver better life chances for all children in all parts of the country.
Nurseries and the small businesses that provide before and after-school clubs are being whacked by national insurance increases, and there is little clarity from the Government about how these breakfast clubs will work, which has the potential to undermine another part of their business model.
What representations has the Education Secretary made to the Chancellor to deal with the massive hole that she has blown in her plans?
We take no lectures from the Conservative party on how it failed children over the last 14 years.
I have heard providers’ concerns about early years funding, and I recognise the importance of local authorities and providers planning ahead for the pivotal expansion year.
We will be updating the House very soon on that issue.
Recently I met my constituent Farhan Adam, a winner of headmaster of the year, who lamented the fact that he spends more  time addressing issues such as food insecurity than doing what he loves, which is teaching.
This is not surprising as, according to the Food Foundation, approximately 18% of households with children are experiencing food insecurity.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, in addition to breakfast clubs, lifting the two-child cap would help to alleviate this problem?
Breakfast clubs offer a huge amount, including food and club provision.
I encourage the hon.
Member to consider that for roll-out in his constituency.
More broadly, he will be aware of the ministerial taskforce focused on child poverty, which will report in the new year.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to ensure that SEN provision is adequately funded.
The Government recognise that breaking down barriers to opportunity for children with special educational needs and disabilities will take a cross-Government approach.
To that end, I recently met the Minister for Care, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aberafan Maesteg (Stephen Kinnock) , to discuss how we can work together to solve some of the challenges.
The Department for Education is committed to ensuring adequate support for children with special educational needs and disabilities, and recently announced £740 million of capital funding to support children with SEN to learn and thrive in mainstream settings.
A recent National Audit Office report makes it clear that, without reform, the SEN system is financially unsustainable.