I agree with my hon.
Friend.
Outcomes in some schools in Hastings are just not good enough.
We are all determined to drive up standards.
Department officials continue to work with the University of Brighton Academies Trust on that.
We are committed to ending its current financial model and to collaborating with school leaders on future budget setting to ensure we can drive high and rising standards in every school, including in Hastings.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What plans she has to reform the provision of sixth-form education.
This Government are focused on enhancing and spreading opportunity and growing our economy.
We will ensure that a high quality range of post-16 qualifications is available to sixth forms, through the independent curriculum and assessment review—which is well under way—and through the continued roll-out of T-levels.
In Spelthorne we have six secondary schools, only two of which provide A-levels; the rest are middle schools taking pupils only up to GCSE level.
There have been plans in the past to increase sixth-form provision in Spelthorne, but they have been in abeyance for two years.
Will the Minister please agree to meet me, so that we can work out what is causing this blockage and unlock the opportunity to which she has just referred?
Obviously many things needed attention because of the last Government, and many things were not accomplished, but I am sure that my noble Friend Baroness Smith of Malvern will be willing to meet the hon.
Member to discuss his concerns.
In my constituency there is no A-level provision.
Some students have told me that they have to travel for hours just to study, and others consider this a barrier to continuing at school at all.
Will my hon.
Friend work with me to bring A-levels back to Knowsley?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her thoughtful question.
The Government are committed to ensuring that young people have access to appropriate education and career opportunities, but the focus must be on delivering provision that offers them the best learning experience and opportunities possible.
In Knowsley, A-level provision has not been deemed viable owing to a lack of demand, but students there have access to high quality post-16 academic provision in surrounding boroughs.
I call the shadow Minister.
Staff in non-academised sixth-form colleges are not being offered the same pay increase as staff in academised colleges.
It is understood that a sum of money is available for post-16 education, but colleges have been left completely unclear about whether that sum will be enough to offset the national insurance increase or whether they will find, as universities have, that it is entirely eaten up by that increase.
Will the Minister agree to publish the cost of the national insurance increase to sixth-form colleges, and if she will not publish it, why on earth not?
I find it shocking that the shadow Minister has taken no responsibility for the many circumstances in which we have found ourselves having to make decisions that are in the best interests of students and colleges.
We are conducting various reviews to try to ensure that we put right the mess that we inherited.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of introducing free primary school breakfast clubs on children.
Breakfast clubs break down barriers to opportunity so that children are ready to learn.
They are proven to boost attendance, attainment, wellbeing and behaviour, and they also provide essential childcare options for parents.
In only a few days, hundreds of schools have applied to become early adopters because they know that these clubs can improve children’s life chances and, crucially, academic standards.
As a former youth worker and a former school governor, I know that this initiative will make a huge difference, and I have written to all the schools in my constituency encouraging them to apply.
Will the Secretary of State please outline the next steps?
I am grateful to my hon.