One of the biggest challenges they face is financial support.
Kinship’s recent “Forgotten” report found that children in kinship care are struggling because of an inaccessible and complicated picture of support.
Has the Minister made an assessment of extending relevant financial support, such as pupil premium plus, to all children in kinship care?
This Government acknowledge and appreciate the crucial role that kinship carers play.
I am pleased that the virtual school heads scheme has been expanded to support kinship children.
I encourage kinship carers and schools to work together to support kinship children and those with identified needs.
The Department will continue to review the matter, to ensure that children get the right support.
I welcome the Minister’s response about kinship carers.
What progress has been made on offering kinship carers respite provision, so that they can be given short-term breaks to ease the pressures facing kinship families?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his very good question.
It is important that kinship carers, as well as the children they are looking after, have the support they need.
Through the process of family group decision making, families will come together to have conversations about how best to support children in kinship care.
Respite and other related matters will be discussed to ensure that the right provision is in place.
This Government are committed to getting it right for children, especially where the previous Government failed.
What steps she is taking to reform skills training.
What steps she is taking to reform skills training.
What steps she is taking to reform skills training.
What steps she is taking to reform skills training.
The previous Government left behind a skills system that was fragmented and failing: falling numbers of apprenticeships for young people; adults unable to find the training courses they need; businesses confused; and no plans to equip people with the skills for the economy and opportunities of tomorrow.
We are turning the page by establishing Skills England to unify that fragmented landscape, and bringing forward a plan for post-16 education and skills, which will deliver the education and training pathways that our economy, employers and learners need.
Some 3.8 million people aged 19 and over benefit from skills education in England every year.
I pay tribute to all the hard-working professionals employed in further education, including at Shipley college in my constituency.
However, businesses in Saltaire tell me that they struggle to recruit people with the digital and tech skills that they need locally.
I welcome steps taken by the Government to address skills shortage vacancies.
Will the Secretary of State assure me that the benefits of Skills England will be felt by businesses in Shipley?
I join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute to the staff at Shipley college.
She is right that it is time that we, as a country, took skills much more seriously.
We were left with skills shortages in many key areas, including those she identified.
We will be giving businesses the flexibility they have been asking for, to unlock growth and drive opportunity through the reformed growth and skills levy.
When I speak to small businesses in my constituency of Hexham, they regularly decry an inability to recruit young people from the area, who want to remain in the area where they grew up.
Will the Secretary of State assure me that we will be working with small and medium-sized businesses to ensure that young people can remain where they grew up, should they wish to do so, which sadly was very hard under the previous Government?
Following on from small business Saturday, we all recognise that small employers are the backbone of our economy.
My hon.
Friend is right that it should not be the case that young people in places such as Hexham should have to get out in order to get on.
We are creating Skills England to fill the skills gaps we see across our country.