Demand is growing at double the rate of supply.
What are the Government’s plans to address that important shortfall, and will the Secretary of State or her officials meet me to discuss how such plans might include unblocking the approval of new qualifications—for example, the currently blocked natural history GCSE?
I agree that there are lots of job opportunities in the years to come in clean technology, green jobs and much more besides.
That is why we have started work very quickly to begin the process of legislating to establish Skills England, which already exists in shadow form.
It has already undertaken an audit of what more is required.
I know that there are lots of fantastic new jobs out there connected to construction and engineering that align very much with our drive towards net zero.
I am more than happy to ensure that the hon.
Lady gets a meeting on the topic.
There has never been greater urgency for us to equip our young people with the skills they need to enter a career in farming, yet only half of those who took level 3 agricultural apprenticeships in Cumbria last year completed them, and no level 4 apprenticeships were available.
Will the Secretary of State look at this worrying situation, pay personal attention to it, and provide the funding necessary for us to have agricultural apprenticeships in Britain’s leading agricultural county?
I am more than happy to look personally at the issue that the hon.
Gentleman sets out, to ensure that we do more in this area.
He will be aware that we have a review under way of level 3 qualifications, but we know that as a country we need to do much more on level 4 and 5 qualifications as well.
If he will share further information with me, I will happily look into the matter.
Lytchett Minster school in my constituency is proud of its record in delivering level 3 BTecs; in fact, its sixth form would not survive without BTecs.
What assurance can the Secretary of State give me about the continuation of these really important qualifications, which suit less academically able children?
We are making good progress on our post-16 qualifications reform review, which will report by the end of the year, so the hon.
Lady does not have long to wait to hear the outcomes of that review.
I call the shadow Minister.
Before the election, Labour promised to let businesses spend 50% of their apprenticeship levy money on non-apprenticeships, but now Ministers say the commitment is under review.
Ministers are taking away the flexibility of businesses to spend their own money on level 7 apprenticeships—a big change to the principles of the levy.
Will the Secretary of State confirm when the review of her own policy will conclude, and will she rule out doing to level 6 apprenticeships what she is doing to level 7 apprenticeships?
We remain committed to reforming the failing apprenticeship levy and turning it into a growth and skills levy with up to 50% flexibility for employers, driving new opportunities in growth areas across our country, alongside ensuring that we deliver many more apprenticeship starts for our young people.
We inherited a situation where apprenticeship starts were falling at a time when we urgently need to invest in the skills of the next generation.
We will work with business through Skills England to drive forward what is required for adult learners as well as young people.
What steps she is taking to support creative education in schools.
All children deserve a rich and broad education so that they do not miss out on subjects, such as music, art and drama.
As part of our opportunity mission, we have launched an independent, expert-led curriculum and assessment review, and we are committed to ensuring that young people are supported to study creative subjects.