The Government have a proud record on working in a relationship of trust with our local councillors and councils in order to deliver for people up and down the land.
I call the shadow Minister.
In 2018, Tory-led Northamptonshire County Council issued a section 114 notice—as close as a council can come to declaring itself bankrupt.
Since then, under this Conservative Government, we have seen a further eight councils from across the political spectrum do exactly the same.
In September, the credit agency Moody’s warned that more local authorities will
“fail over the near term”
due to high inflation, interest rates and service demand.
By the Government’s own assessment, how many more councils are at risk between now and budgets being set next year?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman to his place and echo the remarks of my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State; it is great to see him back on the Front Bench.
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
Nobody is going to doubt that section 114 is a serious issue.
As I have said to the Local Government Association and others, I do not think it is right for us to name and shame, point the finger or assign blame.
We are intent on working with councils that have already alerted us to see what we can do to help, and on working alongside councils that have concerns to ensure they do not fall into that situation.
I am not going to give a running commentary on that, save to make this pledge: we will work with those councils to ensure that they can continue to deliver for their voters.
What recent discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero on the use of land for renewable energy generation.
The Government have in place a framework, developed in collaboration with the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, that supports the deployment of renewable energy technologies.
That is balanced by national planning policy, which is clear that land assets such as farmland must also be protected.
On current usage, 2,000 acres of solar panels are required to power around 50,000 homes, whereas a small modular reactor requires just two football pitches and powers 1 million homes.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that solar is a highly inefficient land use, and can he confirm that the provision to protect land used in food production remains in the new national planning policy framework?
I know that my hon.
Friend has a long-standing interest in this issue.
We will be publishing more on the NPPF shortly, but he is absolutely right that we need a variety of different energy sources that can support the UK’s future energy needs.
As the Minister knows, there is a disparity between the contracts for difference scheme for the mainland and what exists for Northern Ireland.
I have made overtures to the Minister responsible to see whether we can get that changed, but that has not happened yet.
Will the Minister use his influence to make sure that we in Northern Ireland are treated equally with everybody else in the United Kingdom?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
He might like to write to me, or I am happy to speak to him separately in order to understand the issue, and either I or my colleagues in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero will be happy to respond.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the Government’s levelling-up policies at reducing regional inequalities.
A lot done, a lot still to do, but certainly much more than the Scottish Government.
In that case, can the Secretary of State tell us whether Scotland will receive more or less funding to tackle regional inequality than it would have received if we had done as 78% of voters in my constituency did and voted to remain in the European Union?