We are painfully aware of the tragic and significant human impact of the miliary operation, especially with regards to civilian casualties.
But the issue should not be simplified to the degree where we forget that Hamas are a terrorist group that are prosecuting atrocities.
We must see the civilian casualties as a product of the terrible conflict resulting from Hamas terrorist  atrocity of  7 October .
We continue to argue very strongly to Israel that military operations must be conducted according to humanitarian law, avoiding civilian casualties.
On the two-state solution, one of the major obstacles is Hamas—a terrorist group committed to the destruction of Israel.
If Hamas were in charge, there would be no two-state solution.
A necessary prerequisite is the evolution of a better form of Palestinian leadership in Gaza.
If the RAF can fly surveillance planes over the Gaza strip in the much-needed search for hostages and to help their release, what is to stop us from flying cargo planes over and parachuting food and medicines to a starving population?
My right hon.
Friend will have heard in my opening statement that a very significant amount of humanitarian aid—74 tonnes—has been delivered via UK aircraft.
We are redoubling our efforts.
Greater utility lies in assessing whether there can be a maritime route to increase humanitarian supplies.
I call the Chair of the International Development Committee.
I welcome the responses the Minister is giving, but I want to hear the Foreign Secretary’s response.
On  16 November , we had a harrowing session with the humanitarian organisations on the ground in Gaza.
We wrote to the Foreign Secretary, but have not had a reply.
We have not had a reply either about when he will come in front of our Committee.
With such a horrific and fast-moving situation in Israel and Gaza, when can this House expect to hear from the Foreign Secretary?
I am sure it will be very soon.
The idea that settlements are the reason there is not a two-state solution is just complete and utter tosh.
The reason there is not a two-state solution is that Hamas seek the total genocide and ethnic cleansing of the state of Israel.
They seek to murder every single Jew.
They used the most awful sexual violence against women on  7 October , some reports of which we read in shocking detail in The Times this weekend.
There has not been a word from either Dispatch Box so far about the information on the abuse of the hostages who have been released, or a condemnation of the violence.
That is why there has not been a two-state solution.
Will the Minister confirm that the Government will continue to stay strong and support Israel in all its activities to root out this murderous terrorist cult?
I do not know if my hon.
Friend heard my previous answer, in which I said that a principal blockage to a two-state solution were Hamas themselves.
They are a terrorist group who have committed the most heinous terrorist acts.
We therefore continue to be supportive of Israel’s defending its people and its security.
Palestinians have lost all hope of a two-state solution thanks to the policies of the Netanyahu Government in recent years.
Would it not give them some hope if we followed other countries’ lead and honoured the vote taken in this House nine years ago to recognise Palestinian statehood?
Our efforts are focused on a more pragmatic avenue, working with allies in the region to ensure there is sustainable and more meaningful support right across the region for a two-state solution.
If the Government accept that there can be no political solution unless Hamas are removed from control in Gaza, can the Minister explain to us who exactly will remove Hamas from that level of control in Gaza?
The political future of the Palestinians is a matter for Palestinians.
I would like to start by agreeing with  the hon.