My right hon.
Friend is right that the efforts we are making in Pembrokeshire, in part thanks to him and other Members of Parliament for the county, demonstrate levelling up in action in his part of Wales.
I am delighted to continue working with him on that.
Does the Minister agree that Clwyd South’s £13.3 million of levelling-up projects in the Trevor basin, Llangollen and Corwen, which I recently visited, and the newly announced £160 million investment zone for Wrexham, Clwyd South and Flintshire are shining examples of the effectiveness of levelling up galvanising investment and activity in north-east Wales?
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for his constituents in Clwyd South, and for constituents in Shropshire as well.
I completely agree that the £13.3 million investment from the levelling-up fund will protect a valuable heritage site for north Wales, an area enjoyed by locals, while encouraging visitors to stay longer and spend more in local shops, cafés and campsites.
The recently announced investment zone in Wrexham and Flintshire also demonstrates our commitment to levelling up investment in research, innovation and support for economic development in the region.
My local council has sadly been unable to attract any levelling-up funding or community renewal funding into North Norfolk.
As I have repeatedly requested in this place, I need just £3 million for a roundabout at the top of Holway Road in Sheringham, but £3 million is too small for a levelling-up bid and too much for Norfolk County Council.
In the spirit of Christmas, how can the Minister give me a present of £3 million for a roundabout in North Norfolk?
I wish I could give my hon.
Friend a Christmas present.
I recognise his work, campaigning on behalf of the people of Sheringham for the improvement of the A148 Holway Road junction.
I know he is already engaging closely with Norfolk County Council on the project.
The £600 million investment fund, agreed through the Norfolk county deal, will provide the county council with the local means to fund exactly this sort of project, with the first tranche of funding due to be available next year.
If there is anything further I can do, I would be delighted to work with him and with colleagues in the Department for Transport to progress this project.
The Minister will not have too much difficulty assessing the effectiveness of the levelling-up fund in Northern Ireland, because Northern Ireland is the only country in the United Kingdom not to receive one penny in the last round of levelling-up funding.
He will not level with the people of Northern Ireland, giving the spurious excuse that, because an Executive has not been formed, he cannot allocate the money.
What discussions does he need to have with the Northern Ireland Executive that he did not have with the Scottish Parliament, the Welsh Parliament or any local authority in England before allocating money there?
The right hon.
Gentleman and I have had numerous conversations to that effect.
Northern Ireland has benefited from £120 million in rounds 1 and 2 of the levelling-up fund but, in the context of growing pressure on Northern Ireland budgets, it is right that the UK Government should consider their approach to the funding available for Northern Ireland in this round.
In LUF3, £30 million has been reserved for Northern Ireland and, as part of our commitment to levelling up, we will work with the restored Executive  to find the best approach to supporting people in Northern Ireland.
I again confirm to the right hon.
Gentleman that I will work with him and others, once the Executive are back up and running, to see how we can best level up his community.
Whitchurch in my constituency has not received any levelling-up funding, whether from the levelling-up fund itself, the towns fund or the future high streets fund.