Manchester did activate those, but sadly the man was not known to local services.
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend, and we will do everything to support rough sleepers over the winter period.
The Government announced in the autumn statement £120 million of new money for homeless prevention for next year, but that is just a drop in the ocean, with Enfield Council alone facing a £9.8 million overspend on temporary accommodation for this year.
When will this Government recognise the scale of the crisis and provide top-up funding for the homelessness prevention grant and discretionary housing payments?
I remind the hon.
Lady that our total package for homelessness and rough sleeping over three years is £2 billion.
The £120 million is in addition to that, but I agree with her that there are real pressures on homelessness, particularly in London, and that is why there were three measures in the autumn statement.
It is now 10 weeks since the bins were emptied in Warrington.
A national pay dispute has spilled over into a local disagreement.
Does the Minister agree that it is now urgent that Labour-run Warrington Borough Council gets round the table with the unions and finds an urgent agreement, before the situation turns into a health emergency?
Absolutely.
Again and again, we find that Labour-run local authorities, despite their much-vaunted relationship with trade unions, are incapable of resolving these disputes.
Whether in Birmingham or Warrington, Labour must do better, otherwise working people suffer.
On public services, City of York Council area comes 152 out of 152 when it comes to public funding.
As a result, services are now having to be cut in the area, as the council has £55 million less than when we last had a Labour Government.
How will the Secretary of State ensure that fair funding stretches across all public services when looking at the new funding formula?
We are absolutely committed to making sure that local authorities receive the resources they need.
Having had conversations with the leader of City of York Council, I appreciate the constraints under which it is operating, and we hope to be able to say more in the local government finance settlement.
I have spoken to Ministers about the work of organisations such as Fromehall Mill and the Sub Rooms, and we have been down to Berkeley town.
With them in mind, when will the next round of announcements about the community ownership fund be made?
I am delighted to confirm to my hon.
Friend that the next round of the community ownership fund opens this week, on  6 December .
We will have the outcomes of the last window in the coming weeks, but I know that she is very keen on Fromehall Mill and Berkeley Books, which she has been championing.
The announcement that Edinburgh airport is for sale comes hard on the heels of the announcement last week that Grangemouth is closing the oil refinery.
What can the Secretary of State say to reassure my constituents in Edinburgh West that everything possible has been done to ensure that this does not undermine the green enterprise zone in the area?
The hon.
Lady does a fantastic job of standing up for her constituents in Edinburgh West, and she is absolutely right: the UK Government should be, and are, working with the Scottish Government and private sector partners in order to ensure that sustainable growth continues to be part of the plan for Edinburgh and the wider Lothian region.
It is clear that the Government are planning to protect councils during the transition to the new planning system, and are not planning to force councils into having an out-of-date  plan by taking away their right to submit a new, up-to-date plan.
Can the Secretary of State help me get this across to my local Lib Dem-run council, which is saying the exact opposite?