Over the summer, the Minister for Housing, Planning and Building Safety, my hon.
Friend the Member for North East Derbyshire (Lee Rowley) published a non-binding code of practice for cladding remediation works, following intensive discussions with him, and also my highlighting the devasting case of St Francis Tower.
Will he update the House on how in practice that non-binding code of practice is working?
Has it led to improved behaviour and been a step forward, and has he considered further my view that perhaps that code of practice needs to be legally binding?
My hon.
Friend was a driving force behind that code of practice, and we are monitoring it actively.
Anecdotally I am seeing fewer issues, although there are still some.
I would be happy to receive from him and other Members of the House any information or evidence that suggests there is still a problem.
The cost to councils of delivering services will exceed their core funding by £2 billion this year.
Newcastle expects a funding gap of £56 million, following £369 million of Conservative cuts to funding and years of Conservative economic failure.
Can my constituents rely on council services under a Conservative Government?
They certainly cannot rely on a Labour Government, because the Leader of the Opposition just this morning has been talking about his admiration for Margaret Thatcher and cost cutting.
I am afraid all the hon.
Lady is doing is raising false hopes that have no chance of being satisfied under a Labour Government.
My interest is in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Why is it Government policy to deny a landlord and tenant the ability to agree a mutually convenient fixed-term tenancy?
Fixed-term tenancies can trap tenants into poor-quality homes, and trap landlords into long-term tenancies with bad tenants.
With the abolition of section 21 of the Housing Act 1988, we no longer see such things as necessary, but I am happy to work with my right hon.
Friend to ensure that the Renters (Reform) Bill works for his constituents.
I call the shadow Minister.
The latest Government figures highlight that a record 139,000 children—children!—are in temporary accommodation in the lead-up to Christmas, which is a 14% increase.
Meanwhile, only 9,500 homes for social rent were built last year.
If we take into account all the homes built since 2010, that is minus 14,000 each year.
Does the Minister regret handing back £1.9 billion of unspent departmental money to the Treasury last year, given that we are in an urgent housing crisis?
Why not adopt Labour’s plan to get Britain building again, with 1.5 million homes over that parliamentary period?
I remind the hon.
Gentleman that our target is 300,000 homes per year which, when multiplied by five, equals 1.5 million.
In the autumn statement we had three measures to address the challenges of temporary accommodation: we uprated the local housing allowance to the 30th percentile; there is a new £120 million for a homelessness fund; and an extra £450 million for the local authority housing fund.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that Stoke-on-Trent City Council should invest its share of the £200 million that it recently secured from the National Lottery Heritage Fund on one of the three beautiful “beasts” of Burslem, including the indoor market, in order to regenerate the mother town, for which the leader of Stoke-on-Trent City Council is a local ward councillor?
It is fantastic that Stoke-on-Trent has been chosen as one of the 20 places to benefit from the National Lottery Heritage Fund’s £200 million investment in the Heritage Places initiative.
The fund will make its funding decisions under that initiative and independent from Government.
However, I am sure that the National Lottery has heard my hon.
Friend’s loud cry for Burslem, and I am sure it will look at it favourably.
Sacha from Kempston, Bedford, is one of an increasing number of freeholders who are afflicted by estate maintenance charges.