I again confirm to the right hon.
Gentleman that I will work with him and others, once the Executive are back up and running, to see how we can best level up his community.
Whitchurch in my constituency has not received any levelling-up funding, whether from the levelling-up fund itself, the towns fund or the future high streets fund.
Now it has found itself without a civic centre because of dangerous reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete, so it has lost its library, registry office and driving test centre, which was soon to be reopened following a long campaign by myself and others.
Will the Minister meet me to work out what we can do to put that important building back into the heart of Whitchurch?
I would be happy to meet the hon.
Member.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Resolution Foundation’s report on economic stagnation, published today, shows how levelling up simply is not happening under this Government.
One of the speakers at the event this morning was Andy Haldane, the chair of the Levelling Up Advisory Council, who said that greater financial devolution was needed in all areas, not just in the favoured few.
It sounds like he has been taking inspiration from our proposed “take back control” Bill.
Does the Minister agree with him that more economic devolution is needed in all areas of the UK?
I do agree with him.
That is why we are following our devolution framework, expanding devolution to more areas in the UK.
Under the last Labour Government, the only area in England that had a devolution deal was London.
Through devolution, we have been able to expand that offer to more than 60% of England.
We have invested more than £13 billion of local growth funding into communities the length and breadth of the country, restoring pride and ensuring that we tackle regional inequality.
If the hon.
Gentleman wants to see levelling up in action, he need only look at places such as Teesside, which was left behind under the last Labour Government.
It is now being transformed through the UK’s largest freeport, Teesside airport and the Treasury in Darlington; town deals in Redcar, Middlesbrough, Thornaby, Darlington and Hartlepool; high street funding in Middlesbrough, Loftus and Stockton; and levelling-up funding for Eston and TS6, Hartlepool, Guisborough, Yarm, Eaglescliffe and Billingham.
The Opposition are all talk; we are delivering levelling up in action.
Madam Deputy Speaker, please pass on my best wishes to Mr Speaker for a speedy recovery.
Alongside the levelling-up fund, the Department created the community renewal fund in order to alleviate regional disparities.
If the Minister is to mark his own homework, how does he think levelling up the country is going?
As I said in response to a previous question, we have committed more than £13.9 billion of local growth funding to communities across the United Kingdom, including in Scotland.
We have committed to publishing the details of the levelling-up missions in due course, and I will ensure that the hon.
Lady has an update when we do that.
In fact, academics from the University of Manchester have found that the community renewal fund gave £9.9 million to the south of England at the expense of other regions, which seems to be a trend that we see in levelling up.
Does the Minister agree with me that his Department’s plans are, simply put, doing little to tackle regional inequalities?
I completely disagree with the hon.
Lady; the facts show something quite different.
As I said when I outlined round 3 in the House on  20 November , the biggest recipients of the levelling-up fund have been the north-west, the north-east, and Yorkshire and the Humber.
That tells a very different story from the picture painted by the hon.
Lady.
What steps he is taking to reform the private rented sector.
I am delighted to announce that our Renters (Reform) Bill completed Committee stage in the House last week.