May I remind the Minister of the Prime Minister’s words at Mansion House?
He said that the UK will
“act to shape the world, not be shaped by it”.
I raise that with the Minister with regard to the loss of life that we have seen across the board.
We have to do everything we can to preserve human lives.
I supported humanitarian pauses to do that at a very early stage, but the time has come for the UK to take a lead at the UN as a member of the Security Council.
Lead at the Security Council; call for a ceasefire with regards—[Interruption.]
We all have our own views on this matter.
I have supported humanitarian pauses before, but the time has come for the UK to work towards a ceasefire, the release of all the hostages, humanitarian assistance and a political solution in line with our own Security Council resolution 242 and the 1967 borders.
When will we push that at the Security Council and lead the world on this matter?
We are continuing to shape the outcome, and for us the most pragmatic and useful outcome at the moment is a further humanitarian pause, which we are arguing for strongly.
If every humanitarian pause is simply a prelude to the further bombing of Gaza by Israel, what will be left other than a refugee camp and a wasteland, and who does the Minister think will govern that?
The hon.
Member makes a good point.
Of course, every civilian death is a tragedy, and the House is painfully aware of the human cost of the unfolding tragedy.
As I said, aside from military operations, the political future and the way that Palestinians represent themselves is a question for Palestinians.
I welcome the Government’s support for the extension of the humanitarian pauses, so that more aid can get into Gaza and more lives can be saved.
May I ask the Minister about post-conflict governance in Gaza?
Fatah are not Hamas, and Hamas are not Fatah, clearly—by definition.
Fatah are marginally better in the eyes of some Palestinians, but when they have gone to the ballot box, the Palestinians have not voted for Fatah; they have voted for others.
I notice that there have been a lot of high-level diplomatic visits to the senior leadership of Fatah.
May I encourage  the Government to perhaps look more widely at who might form the Government of Gaza in the future, so that the UK does not repeat the mistakes of the past and Fatah do not return to office only to be thrown out years later and perhaps replaced by a new Hamas?
It would be easy for us to prejudge and second-guess political outcomes in the west bank or indeed in Gaza, but we will not do that.
What we would seek post-conflict is a democratic renaissance of the ability of Palestinians to represent themselves and govern themselves responsibly, and we must not prejudge or second-guess that.
Like many other Members, I have constituents who are British citizens and whose families are trapped in Gaza and desperate for humanitarian visas.
One constituent who wrote to me at the weekend said that her 79-year-old mother had been displaced nine times and was now in Rafah.
She and her brothers and sisters, who are British citizens and senior professionals, say that they do not want state funds because they can support their family, but surely they can bring their family—my constituent’s 79-year-old mother, her sister and her sister’s six-month-old baby—to the United Kingdom in order to look after them.
What can I tell these people about humanitarian visas, and will the Minister lean on the Home Office to address the question of issuing humanitarian visas?
I note the hon.
and learned Lady’s question with interest.
Given that she has cited a specific case—that of her constituent with links to Rafah—we can pursue it individually if she furnishes us with the details.