The Foreign Secretary made that argument to his various ministerial colleagues last week and will continue to do that with his counterpart and ministerial counterparts right across the middle east.
The hon.
Member mentioned the safe zone.
We continue to monitor that, and officials in the region are seeing how it unfolds with regard to the humanitarian impact.
She is right to draw the House’s attention to the grievous humanitarian impact of disease.
We are confident that channelling our funds through the UN agencies—the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, the Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs and UNICEF—is the right way to go about that, but the scale of increase of need is hugely alarming, and we are painfully aware that women and children often bear the  most unfortunate brunt of such impacts.
I assure her that we are redoubling efforts.
Clearly, our financial contribution has tripled, but that goes in hand with our political efforts, because it is only through a lasting peace, which she referred to, that this will be resolved.
The humanitarian component is of utmost urgency, but we must not forget the political component, which runs in tandem.
Our stance on the illegal settlements in the west bank and our long-standing support for a sustainable solution with Palestinian statehood at the heart of the region’s future are undiminished.
In addition to our humanitarian efforts, in our political and diplomatic efforts we will continue to argue for Palestinian statehood as the seed for a long-term solution in the region.
I call the Father of the House.
The House will welcome the bipartisan support for what the British Government are trying to do.
Most of us know that our direct power in the area ended more than 70 years ago.
I put to those who want a simple ceasefire that a permanent end to violence would be helped by people around Israel recognising its international boundaries, and by Israel ensuring that it could withdraw to its own boundaries and stop the aggressive settler activity outside its own areas in the west bank.
The Father of the House makes a good point.
A two-state solution in which both sides respect the other’s right to exist and in which there is an end to settler violence is an essential precondition to any long-term peace in the region.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
Exactly as it said it would at the end of the humanitarian pause, Israel has resumed its offensive in Gaza with full force, including an appalling attack on the Médecins Sans Frontières aid convoy.
Official figures estimate that 1,000 Palestinians were killed this weekend alone.
A massive cull of innocent civilians is taking place right now.
It is blatantly obvious that all appeals made by the UK Government and others for Israel to avoid civilian casualties are being ignored.
I wonder just how much this Government regret giving Netanyahu that blank cheque, particularly as millions of displaced people are being squeezed into a wasteland on the Egyptian border and the indiscriminate bombing continues.
At the weekend, the EU’s foreign policy chief, Josep Borrell, echoed Scotland’s First Minister, saying:
“The solution can only be political”
and “centred on two states.”
And he is correct.
What is holding the UK Government back from officially recognising the state of Palestine, as a fundamental first step to achieving a long-term solution to this awful crisis?
I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s contribution.
We are painfully aware of the tragic and significant human impact of the miliary operation, especially with regards to civilian casualties.
But the issue should not be simplified to the degree where we forget that Hamas are a terrorist group that are prosecuting atrocities.
We must see the civilian casualties as a product of the terrible conflict resulting from Hamas terrorist  atrocity of  7 October .