However, I am sure that the National Lottery has heard my hon.
Friend’s loud cry for Burslem, and I am sure it will look at it favourably.
Sacha from Kempston, Bedford, is one of an increasing number of freeholders who are afflicted by estate maintenance charges.
Will the Secretary of State commit to a review into the role of those excessive, unpredictable and often opaque fees and insurance costs that not only treat mostly new homeowners as cash cows, but are putting their homes at risk?
That is a very important point, and yes, we are on it.
The Great Yarmouth and Lowestoft enterprise zone, which was set up in 2012, has been very successful.
With no investment zones in the east of England, will my hon.
Friend meet my right hon.
Friend the Member for Great Yarmouth (Sir Brandon Lewis) and me to consider how best the enterprise zone can be enhanced, so that it can continue to create jobs in the low-carbon energy sector?
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend and my right hon.
Friend the Member for Great Yarmouth.
We have no plans at present to amend enterprise zones, but I am keen to ensure that their constituents continue to reap the rewards of levelling up, including the £100 million of investment for Sizewell C and freeport east, which will generate thousands of jobs across his region in new low-carbon technology.
Caius House is a small youth charity in Battersea that leases a space in a multi-use high-rise building that includes residential dwellings.
Despite its having state-of-the-art fire alarm systems, the charity faces huge waking watch costs.
As the Building Safety Act 2022 does not protect registered charities, such as Caius House, will the Secretary of State look into this case?
Will he seek to bring forward legislation to protect charities from high costs due to fire safety remediation work?
I think we responded to a written question on this matter just a few months ago, but I am happy to meet the hon.
Lady to talk about it in more detail, if there still is a problem.
I am not aware of one at the moment.
Horsham is suffering severe water stress and is subject to water neutrality.
Does the Minister agree that mitigations should be thorough, evidenced and monitored?
I absolutely agree.
Water neutrality is impacting on small parts of the country, but it needs to be dealt with seriously and proportionately by statutory consultees, and then with a can-do attitude from councils where appropriate.
Does the Minister agree that young people leaving care after their 18th birthday should get more help to get their first home?
Will he back my campaign that I am running with Barnado’s and Plymouth care leavers for a deposit scheme for care leavers and a rent guarantee scheme, because every single care leaver leaving local authority care deserves a good, decent and safe first home?
I know the hon.
Gentleman has done a significant amount of work on this matter within Plymouth, and I know that my colleagues in the Department for Work and Pensions are doing a significant amount of work, too, and I would be happy to meet him to talk more about the matter.
Sadly, a second homeless person died over the weekend.
The number of rough sleepers is increasing, and the temperatures are falling.
Will my hon.
Friend take immediate action to ensure that rough sleepers are provided with a decent place to sleep, particularly during this cold weather?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
Clearly, the death in Manchester was tragic.
Local authorities can activate the severe weather emergency protocol measures.
Manchester did activate those, but sadly the man was not known to local services.
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend, and we will do everything to support rough sleepers over the winter period.