Stop killing children, stop killing civilians: that is what I want, what my constituents want, and what the whole country wants.
We do not know who is the best person or group of people to do that, but for God’s sake, someone stop this killing of children.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ashfield (Lee Anderson)  for securing this important debate and for speaking with such great passion.
He very much shares my determination to do better in this area to help and support more disabled people into work and unlock all that potential that we know exists.
In 2017, the Government set the goal of seeing a million more disabled people in employment between 2017 and 2027.
I am proud to say that, by the first quarter of 2022, the number of disabled people in employment had increased by 1.3 million, which means that the goal was met after only five years.
By the first quarter of 2023, disability employment had risen by 1.6 million in total since the goal was announced, but we are aware that this progress has not been even.
Those early successes must be a catalyst for further change.
We know that most learning-disabled people want to have a job, and evidence shows that they bring many positive benefits to their employers.
That is something I hear time and again, as I go round the country meeting employers and meeting disabled people experiencing the benefits of work.
But we also know that less than three in 10 working-age people with severe and specific learning disabilities are currently in employment.
That means that more than seven in 10 of this group are still unable to access the independence and sense of fulfilment that employment can bring, and that many employers are not benefiting from the enthusiasm, skills and commitment that they can bring to their workplaces.
We are therefore working hard in Government, as an enabler and with others, to support learning- disabled people to secure, sustain and succeed in employment.
We are continuing to improve the general support available to learning-disabled claimants when they attend the jobcentre.
Additional work coach support provides disabled people and those with health conditions with  increased one-to-one personalised support from their work coach to help them move towards and into work.
That support is already available in two thirds of jobcentres in England, Scotland, and Wales.
It will be available nationally in 2024.
We have strengthened our disability employment adviser role, delivering direct support to claimants who require additional work-related support and supporting all work coaches to deliver tailored, personalised support to claimants with a disability or health condition, including those with a learning disability.
As well as this general support, we are providing a range of special programmes that can help learning-disabled people to access employment.
They will have priority access to the work and health programme in England and Wales.
Intensive personalised employment support provision has also been available in England and Wales, providing highly personalised packages of specialist employment support for disabled people and people with health conditions to achieve sustained employment.
The local supported employment programme helps people with learning difficulties and/or autism to find and retain work through intensive one-to-one support and an evidence-based approach to supported employment.
Local supported employment aims to develop a sustainable model by giving intensive one-to-one support to those faced with significant barriers to work.
We have funded 23 lead local authorities to deliver local supported employment in 28 local authority areas in England and Wales from November 2022 until March 2025.
Over that period, LSE will help about 12,000 people to move into and stay in work.