We are also testing Access to Work Plus, a new employer offer that can offer additional support to employers who are willing to think differently about their vacancies and consider whether they can adapt, shape or flex a job to enable a disabled person to retain, return to or move into employment.
That is relevant to my hon.
Friend’s point about the key support that needs to be available to aid people’s transition into work, and available at various points in their lives when they want to enter the workplace or increase their educational opportunities, and to maximise those life chances.
During their transition to employment, learning-disabled young people can benefit from supported internships, which are aimed at those with a learning disability or autism who have an education, health and care plan.
Supported Internships usually last for 12 months, contributing to the long-term career goals of young people and matching their capabilities.
Alongside their time with an employer, supported interns receive support from a specialist job coach and complete a personalised study programme delivered by the school or college, which includes the chance to study for relevant qualifications, if appropriate, and to receive English and maths tuition at an appropriate level.
While the Department for Education leads on this in England, the Department for Work and Pensions provides support for Access to Work where needed and I would be happy to ask colleagues in the Department for Education to provide further details to my hon.
Friend about the opportunities that supported internships can provide.
Separately, the autism employment review, led by my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland) , has been receiving evidence this year about the barriers preventing autistic people from starting, staying and succeeding in employment and how those barriers can be overcome.
Although the review focuses specifically on autistic people, many of the adjustments and initiatives that will benefit them will also benefit a wider group of people including learning-disabled people and people with other disabilities.
I am hugely grateful to him for all his efforts.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to raise this.
Under this Government, we have seen a 68% reduction in carbon emissions, which is faster than the EU, the United States of America and others.
We are world leaders in many technologies, not least offshore wind and, I hope shortly, in the next generation of carbon capture and storage.
We continue to work very closely with businesses to help them build that resilience.
The Clerk at the Table having informed the House  of the unavoidable absence, through illness, of the Speaker from the sittings of the House this week, the Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No.
3 ).
Mr Speaker has asked me to let the House know that, unfortunately, he has tested positive for covid and so will not be taking the Chair today.
I am happy to tell the House that I have spoken to Mr Speaker and that he is fighting it very well.
I am sure that the House will join me in wishing him a speedy recovery.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to support economic growth in Yorkshire and the north.
For our part, we wish Mr Speaker all the very best, and we hope that he enjoys a speedy recovery—but it is wonderful to have you in the Chair, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I also welcome  the hon.
Member for Oldham West and Royton (Jim McMahon)  back to the Front Bench.
I know that he, too, was unwell recently, so it is great to see him in his place and looking so well.
We are taking considerable steps to boost economic growth in Yorkshire and the north, including the creation of two investment zones in south and west Yorkshire and, of course, the extension of devolution to the whole of the historic county.