If the Government accept that there can be no political solution unless Hamas are removed from control in Gaza, can the Minister explain to us who exactly will remove Hamas from that level of control in Gaza?
The political future of the Palestinians is a matter for Palestinians.
I would like to start by agreeing with  the hon.
Member for Brigg and Goole (Andrew Percy) , who spoke about the rightful condemnation of the genocidal words from Hamas.
These are the extremes of the debate, and on the other side of these extremes are Ministers in the Israeli Government who are calling for the dropping of a nuclear bomb on Gaza, and calling the siege of Gaza and the spread of epidemics a good thing.
Those extremes do not represent where the majority of Palestinians, Israelis and the population across the world want to be, which is with this Government on two states.
My question is simple: two states is all very well to say, but in terms of resources what is the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office actually doing to make it happen?
Our considerable resource, by way of humanitarian aid and political and diplomatic effort, is entirely focused on that.
We bring a considerable diplomatic heft in our relationships across the region, and we are an important and permanent member of the UN Security Council, so we must not underestimate our ability to bring positive political leverage to this situation.
That is something we are resolutely focused on.
Over the weekend, The Times carried chilling testimony of Hamas’s extreme violence against women on  7 October : gang rape, women found with bloodied underwear, broken bones from rape, beheading, and women found with gunshots to their private parts.
What Israeli women hostages held in Hamas captivity have endured, and may still be enduring now, does not bear thinking about.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in condemning those appalling acts of violence and this aspect of the ongoing humanitarian situation?
Does he acknowledge that Hamas terrorists in custody have spoken quite openly about their orders to rape and defile women?
I agree with my right hon.
and learned Friend that these are deeply shocking reports.
They are sadly, and very painfully, characteristic of the kind of terrorist violence that we have come to expect from Hamas, and we deeply condemn them.
Last week, I had the opportunity to visit Qatar with a parliamentary delegation.
We met Dr al-Ansari, one of the official spokespersons, with Egypt, the US, Israel and others, involved in the negotiations to release hostages and secure the temporary humanitarian truce.
It was clear that this was a fragile truce that required greater pressure from the international community on all relevant  parties—from middle east countries such as Qatar on Hamas, and from the US and the UK on the Israelis—to bring an end to this bloodshed.
What are our Government doing, as a permanent member of the UN Security Council and a G7 nation, to ensure that work is done to bring an end to the bloodshed and secure a permanent ceasefire?
That is what people of all backgrounds and communities need.
We need a peacebuilding process; we need our Government to act.
What are our Government doing?
We continue to use all levers at our disposal to argue for another humanitarian pause.
Regrettably, it seems that discussion of a ceasefire is premature, given that Hamas are committed to the destruction of the state of Israel.
We are resolutely committed to another humanitarian pause, and we are using all means that are available to us to argue for it.
May I remind the Minister of the Prime Minister’s words at Mansion House?
He said that the UK will
“act to shape the world, not be shaped by it”.
I raise that with the Minister with regard to the loss of life that we have seen across the board.