What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the Government’s levelling-up policies at reducing regional inequalities.
A lot done, a lot still to do, but certainly much more than the Scottish Government.
In that case, can the Secretary of State tell us whether Scotland will receive more or less funding to tackle regional inequality than it would have received if we had done as 78% of voters in my constituency did and voted to remain in the European Union?
We are doing better outside the European Union.
If we had followed the hon.
Gentleman’s advice and remained in the European Union, we would have found that the fishing industry was decimated by the common fisheries policy and we would not have had the opportunity to invest in new levelling-up partnerships in Argyll and Bute, the Western Isles, Dundee and, of course, the west central belt.
This UK Government are intervening where the Scottish Government cannot to support local government in Scotland, which is why whenever I address the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities, I get a warmer welcome than the First Minister of Scotland does.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is a great shame that Stoke-on-Trent City Council, which is now Labour-run, has scaled back its levelling-up plans by getting rid of the proposed e-sports arena?
The first of its kind outside of London, it would have built on Staffordshire University’s UK-leading—indeed, world-leading—e-sports courses, as well as the 9,000 jobs created since 2015, the £56 million we got in levelling-up funding, the £17.6 million Kidsgrove town deal, and much more.
When it comes to levelling up and the e-sports centre, I am always clear that it is my hon.
Friend the Member for Stoke-on-Trent North and Kidsgrove who answers the call of duty.
He is absolutely right to say that, under the Labour council now in Stoke-on-Trent, the huge progress we were making on levelling up has stalled.
What we need are more Conservative elected representatives in Stoke-on-Trent.
What recent discussions he has had with the Electoral Commission on administering free and fair elections.
Free, fair and resilient elections are pivotal to our society, and if we agree on nothing else in this House, I hope it is  on that.
The Government regularly meet the Electoral Commission, both at ministerial and official level, to discuss a broad range of electoral issues, and I am due to have my first meeting with it next Tuesday.
I thank the Minister for his answer, and I welcome him to his place.
He will know that the cyber-attack in October 2021 was not detected until August 2022, and the commission admitted that it had failed a cyber security test in the same year.
What work is the Minister doing with the Security Minister to ensure that the defending democracy taskforce has a remit with the Electoral Commission?
I agree with the Minister, as should all Members of this House, that we should have free and fair elections without intervention from other states, so what work is he doing to ensure the general election next year is protected from any hostile states?
The hon.
Gentleman—and, dare I say it, my friend—raises an important point.
There is a good range of discussion taking place between my Department and the Home Office and a range of meetings focused on that.
Conscious of the role that the commission can play, we must ensure that those who stand in our elections, participate in them and administer them feel safe and secure in their roles, and moreover that the results, whatever they are, stand up and are not open to challenge as a result of cyber-attack or anything else.
I call the shadow Minister.
A report from the all-party parliamentary group on democracy and the constitution has found that the photo voter ID scheme creates a real risk of injustice and potential discrimination.