As we work together to celebrate their legacy, and to use that legacy to ensure that we fight antisemitism in every part of our country, will the Secretary of State meet me and the people involved with the project to discuss how we can build a lasting memorial to the legacy of those wonderful young children who built a new life in this country and overcame the horrors of Nazi Germany?
I am really grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for reminding us of that episode in our history, and I would be absolutely delighted to work with him to ensure that that signal moment in our history is properly celebrated.
It has been a feature of the United Kingdom that we have always recognised the importance of standing up against antisemitism and providing refuge to those fleeing persecution, so I look forward to talking to him in due course.
The London Borough of Havering has now reversed the appalling decision it made last week to cancel its Hanukkah festivities for the Jewish community.
It is impossible to imagine any local authority in the country trying to cancel the annual celebrations of any other faith group.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that all local authorities  should be careful to avoid any such rash action at this sensitive time, and that they should use intelligence and common sense in their decisions?
My right hon.
and learned Friend is absolutely correct.
I understand that the London Borough of Havering has now reversed its decision, but it seems to me that it was based on a misconception, which is that the idea of the celebration of any faith should be seen as provocative at this time.
We know that there are individual Jewish citizens who feel uncomfortable wearing the kippah or any outward symbol of their faith, and to have a London borough saying that the menorah should not be lit because it would be provocative at this time is wholly wrong.
Freedom of religion—the chance for us all to express our faith—is fundamental to British values, and he is right to say that other local authorities should not go down that same route.
What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the levelling-up fund at distributing funding across all parts of the UK.
What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the levelling-up fund at distributing funding across all parts of the UK.
What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the levelling-up fund at distributing funding across all parts of the UK.
On  Monday 20 November  we announced that a further £1 billion will be invested in 55 projects across Great Britain, from Bolton to Elgin, and from Newcastle to Rhyl.
In the third round we have targeted funding at places across Great Britain that are most in need, as assessed through our levelling-up needs metrics.
We have also ensured the best possible regional spread of projects, so that every part of Great Britain benefits from the fund over its lifetime.
Further details are set out in a published methodology note.
With new money helping Pembrokeshire County Council to regenerate Haverfordwest town centre, with community ownership funding enabling the villagers of Hayscastle Cross to save their local pub, and with new investment in Visit Pembrokeshire to improve accessibility for tourists visiting the county, does the Minister agree that, compared with the clunky, difficult-to-access EU funding schemes, these new pots of levelling-up money are being distributed far more effectively to all parts of the United Kingdom?
My right hon.
Friend is right that the efforts we are making in Pembrokeshire, in part thanks to him and other Members of Parliament for the county, demonstrate levelling up in action in his part of Wales.
I am delighted to continue working with him on that.