We welcome the intensive international co-operation, including efforts from Qatar and the USA, which led to the agreement, and we thank partners for their continued work.
We remain committed to making progress towards a two-state solution.
Britain’s long-standing position on the middle east peace process is clear: we support a negotiated settlement leading to a safe and secure Israel living alongside a viable and sovereign Palestinian state.
The UK will continue to work with all partners in the region to reach a long-term political solution that enables both Israelis and Palestinians to live in peace.
Given recent events, it is surprising and regrettable that neither the Prime Minister nor the Foreign Secretary is making a statement today.
The reality is that this conflict has sadly reached another phase, and many more innocent lives will be lost if we do not act now.
We  urge the Government to continue to push for another cessation of hostilities and for all remaining hostages to be freed.
To be clear, Israel must not besiege or blockade Gaza.
It must comply with international law and protect innocent lives and civilian infrastructure, and ensure that attempts to address the humanitarian catastrophe are ramped up quickly.
In the last few days, partners on the ground have become increasingly concerned about the safe zone at al-Mawasi, with reports suggesting that aid is not reaching those who are there.
Have the Government held talks with Israel and others to ensure that it does, and to seek assurances that Palestinians who fled there not will not be moved further still?
The Minister will know that that is a key concern of Arab states.
Shelters are severely overcrowded, dysentery is spreading, and the risk of cholera is now significant.
That must be mitigated now.
Is there is serious plan to deal with sewage and to distribute medicine and vaccines?
It is winter in Gaza, where nearly 2 million people are displaced; many are in tents or in the open air.
I urge the Minister again to follow the US’s lead and appoint a humanitarian co-ordinator to get the trucks moving more quickly, to get fuel in and to work towards the opening of Karem Shalom.
The UK and partners must redouble efforts towards an enduring cessation of hostilities and a lasting political solution.
Israel must be assured that Hamas cannot carry out an attack like  7 October  ever again.
But, to build a lasting peace, we must assure a generation of Palestinians that there is hope: that they, their children and their grandchildren can expect the security and opportunity that is their right, with a plan for children both to prevent their deaths and to prioritise their lives, and a clear message that there can be no reoccupation or reduction of Gazan territory and that those displaced have the right to return home.
I urge the Government to play their part in ending the illegal settlements and settler violence in the west bank and to create a plan for the reconstruction and renewal of Gaza.
We must do more without delay to deal with the humanitarian catastrophe unfolding in front of us as we simultaneously work towards a better future.
Many more lives will be lost if we do not act now.
I am grateful for my counterpart’s constructive tone.
We are in agreement: we are pushing for a further pause, which we regard as imperative.
The success, as it were, of the last one showed the utility of a pause in terms of the increased flow of humanitarian support, and we continue to strain every sinew in our diplomacy to aim for that.
The Foreign Secretary made that argument to his various ministerial colleagues last week and will continue to do that with his counterpart and ministerial counterparts right across the middle east.
The hon.
Member mentioned the safe zone.