That is another example—I return to the point made by  the hon.
Member for Stockton North (Alex Cunningham) —of reform under this Bill that will significantly improve the lives of leaseholders for the long term.
I call the shadow Minister.
As you will no doubt be aware, Madam Deputy Speaker, the Government’s Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill, designed to ban the sale of new leasehold houses, does not actually contain any provisions to ban the sale of new leasehold houses, because the Department apparently did not have time to draft them before publication.
If and when the Government rectify their mistake and add the necessary provisions, will they incorporate measures to reinvigorate commonhold by making it accessible and available to both prospective homebuyers and existing leaseholders?
If not, why not?
As has been outlined, we intend to bring forward further changes to the Bill during the process, as Opposition Members know is normal, because they have sat in the same Committees that we have.
We are not proposing to change leasehold to commonhold under the Bill, but that remains part of our long-term approach and we would like to see further reforms as soon as we are able to.
One outsider and apparently one or two Opposition Members misinterpreted what I understood the Secretary of State to be saying in January.
Can the Minister confirm that the opportunities for enfranchisement will take away many of the problems that residential leaseholders now suffer and, in effect, that will get them to commonhold?
I will just add that if we had waited to transfer all leaseholds to commonhold, we would not have the Bill now and 6 million leaseholders would have been betrayed.
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We all want to see those in leasehold in a much improved situation.
We are making huge steps forward with this Bill and we look forward to continuing and augmenting that reform in due course.
What assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of council budget shortfalls.
What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of assessments of relative needs at ensuring the adequacy of council funding.
We are in close and regular contact with sector representative bodies and councils from across the local government family to monitor budgets and service delivery.
I have had many discussions with those bodies and organisations since my appointment.
As hon.
Members will know, the final local government finance settlement for 2023-24 made available up to £59.7 billion for local government in England, an increase in core spending power of up to £5.1 billion, or 9.4%, in cash terms on 2022-23.
The Government will continue to look in the round at local government spending ahead of fiscal events, and we will be announcing funding for next year’s finance settlement later this month.
May I take this opportunity to wish Mr Speaker a speedy recovery?
I thank the Minister for his response, but I say respectfully that I do not find it satisfactory.
I declare an interest as a proudly active Somerset councillor.
Councils provide essential services, such as adults’ and children’s social care, yet increasing costs in social care, alongside inflation, mean that many councils around the country are struggling to provide adequate care.
I must warn him that, without action, lives will be foreshortened.
The cost of providing services is higher in rural areas than urban areas, yet rural residents will receive 13% less per head in social care support.
Will he reassure me that the forthcoming fair funding review will address the unequal way rural councils are funded?
The hon.
Lady, who is my constituency neighbour in some respects, makes an important point in a serious way.
I concur very much on the seriousness of the issue and the challenge that it is presenting to our upper-tier authorities.