That is why we have tripled our aid.
We are focused on channelling it through the UN agencies that can most effectively help people in hospitals, whether by the provision of fuel or other supplies.
That is the groundwork that we hope will eventually unlock the political phase to improve the solution.
It is humanitarian first, with the politics in tandem, which we are also doing.
The sexual violence meted out by Hamas on  7 October  was horrendous.
In the second half of last month, a number of Members on both sides of the House received details passed on by a doctor in Nasser Hospital in Khan Yunis, who said that three of his children and three of his grandchildren were among the 45 men, women and children in his house who had all been destroyed that afternoon while he was working a hospital shift.
We are piling misery on misery, so as one former infantry soldier to another, I ask my hon.
Friend to make sure that the British Government renew their plea for the greatest possible precision in pursuit of the terrorists so that we do not lose more civilian lives in that way.
My hon.
Friend speaks with experience and knowledge, and we are making exactly those pleas to our Israeli colleagues.
Eight weeks after the unjustifiable murder of Jewish people in Israel and the countless rapes of Israeli and Jewish women, is the Minister disappointed that the United Nations women’s group made the most facile and mealy-mouthed statement that did not even use the word “rape” in describing what had happened?
Will he use his and the Government’s influence to draw to the attention of the United Nations the importance of getting on side on this issue and condemning sexual violence against women and the rape of women?
Just because they are Jews does not mean that they do not matter, and that point should be made to the United Nations over and over again.
Of course these reports are shocking and we certainly condemn it.
Rape is rape, and we must call it out.
The more details we learn of the barbaric attacks of  7 October  and the treatment of the victims, especially the women, the more horrific it becomes.
One can only imagine the sheer anguish that the families of the victims go through on a daily basis as more information comes out, so can my hon.
Friend tell me what humanitarian support is being provided to the families of the victims of Hamas?
That is a terribly good question.
A large proportion of our tripled humanitarian aid budget of £60 million will be channelled through UNICEF and the other two UN agencies, UNRWA and OCHA, and a large proportion of it will support women affected by conflict.
I am sorry, but I must press the Minister because I do not feel that he has answered the question on what the Government’s strategy is, particularly the political strategy.
We all feel this so strongly: no child should ever be the target of a terrorist or in any conflict, so what is the Government’s political strategy to protect the lives of children?
Our strategy is to exert all efforts to bring about peace.
I welcome the Minister’s growing success in getting aid into Gaza and the tripling of UK aid, but even as he works urgently to get aid to the neediest civilians of Gaza in the shortest possible time, will the Government redouble their efforts to bring about a diplomatic solution, perhaps using a contact group, in order that we can grow the humanitarian pauses into a just and lasting peace and a two-state solution?
That is exactly our strategy.
It is to use diplomatic efforts in concert with humanitarian efforts to bring about a situation whereby diplomacy can take effect and the foundations can be laid of a long-term peace.