She may be willing to brush aside the concerns of landlords and turn her back on what are often small businesses.
We are not.
We will deliver a Bill that protects renters and ensures a fair system for landlords.
What funding he plans to provide to local authorities in Essex in the 2024-25 financial year.
The Government will bring forward our proposals for the 2024-25 local government finance settlement in the usual way, towards the end of the calendar year, but I pledge that it will be before the House rises.
We will set out our proposals for the 2024-25 financial year and then invite views in our formal consultation.
I welcome the Minister to his new responsibilities.
He may know—he definitely will now—that Braintree District Council, Colchester City Council, Maldon District Council and Essex County Council provide essential statutory services to my Witham constituents and many more.
The costs of statutory services such as adult social care and care for children are rising.
I suspect that he will give a nuanced answer, but can he give any indication of how the local government finance settlement will support those local authorities in delivering those vital statutory services?
I have never given a nuanced answer in my life and I do not intend to start doing so now.
I thank all the councils my right hon.
Friend mentioned for the work they do in delivering services for their communities.
Local government has seen a real-terms increase in core spending power over the period 2019-20 to 2023-24.
I know she knows that, but I assure her and the House that we recognise and understand the pressures on local government.
We will look in the round at sector spending when finalising the budget at the upcoming settlement, as we do every year, but I shall certainly bear at the forefront of my mind the representations that she has made.
What steps he is taking to reform the leasehold system.
What plans he has for leasehold reform.
On  27 November  the Government introduced the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill, which delivers the Government’s manifesto commitments on leasehold reform and makes long-term necessary changes to improve home ownership for millions of leaseholders across England and Wales.
In January, the Secretary of State told The Sunday Times:
“I don’t believe leasehold is fair in any way.
It is an outdated feudal system that needs to go.
And we need to move to a better system and to liberate people from it.”
But the Government’s Bill does not sort it, nor does it free my constituents from their feudal masters.
Why?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know if he has read the Bill that was introduced last week, a substantial amount of progress is proposed under it: a substantial number of leaseholders will be much better off and experience a substantial improvement to their lives as a result of the changes that this Government are proposing.
A large number of freehold homeowners in my constituency pay charges to property management companies for maintenance services that are not always carried out.
The management companies rarely respond to complaints from residents, who often do not have the money to seek legal advice with a view to taking court action.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm that the new Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill will grant freehold homeowners the right to transparency about how their money is spent, to challenge companies when the contracted services are not provided and, where necessary, to have the contract removed from that company?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight that issue, and I know that many of us will have heard of similar experiences in our constituencies.
That is another example—I return to the point made by  the hon.
Member for Stockton North (Alex Cunningham) —of reform under this Bill that will significantly improve the lives of leaseholders for the long term.
I call the shadow Minister.