However, all too often, red tape and bureaucracy are locking in dependency on fossil fuels and foreign oil and gas.
How can we work across Government to cut back on this unnecessary red tape, and ensure that our schemes support the leading tech and innovation that our best-of-British producers are bringing forward?
There is huge potential, and with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology, I will chair an artificial intelligence energy council, looking at not only how we can meet the future demands of AI, but how AI and technology can help us deliver the infrastructure and energy system of the future.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Hitchin (Alistair Strathern)  makes an important point, which we will take away.
In the village of Shapwick in my constituency of Mid Dorset and North Poole, 20% of properties have been lying empty because their owners, Aster housing association and the National Trust, cannot afford to bring them up to standard.
National Trust homes are typically solid-wall, thatched, not on mains gas, and listed.
What plans are there to support the owners in achieving energy efficiency, so that we can get those properties occupied?
Let us be frank: the big prize that has eluded past Governments for a long time is a proper plan to upgrade all types of buildings, not just residential properties.
The Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the hon.
Member for Peckham (Miatta Fahnbulleh) , and I are working on that closely with colleagues from across Government.
It is part of a bigger version of the warm homes plan, which is also about buildings.
We will definitely take away the experience that the hon.
Lady raises.
What engagement has the Minister had with the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities council leaders on local power plans?
Does he agree that a partnership approach by Government, councils and community organisations, such as the West Lothian Climate Action Network, is key to the success of local power plans?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
The local power plan is a key part of what Great British Energy will deliver.
It will give communities the power to develop local power projects wherever possible, and to achieve the social and economic benefits of doing so.
We are engaging with a number of stakeholders across the UK.
Because of the devolution settlement, our main contact will be with the Scottish Government, who have their relationship with COSLA, but we are determined that local government across the UK will help drive this forward, and will have the capacity to support communities in doing so.
I thank the Minister with responsibility for energy consumers for agreeing to convene a roundtable tomorrow on the subject of radio teleswitching switch-off at the end of June.
The problem will be particularly acute in communities like mine; we are well behind the rest of the country when it comes to smart meter roll-out.
When she comes to the meeting, will she have a target for getting us the number of smart meters that we need?
The right hon.
Member is right to raise this issue.
We have to deliver on the teleswitching transition.
We are behind where we need to be, but we are working with industry and Ofgem to make sure that households are not left in the dark, and that everyone can upgrade to smart meters, which will be much better for them.
I am keen to work with him and Members from all parts of the House to make sure that we get this right for his community and other communities that are affected.
The Government procurement budget is around £300 billion.
Can the Minister please tell us what percentage of his allocation  will go to British businesses?
Will he confirm that where we have to import, no modern slavery will be imported into this country?