Gentleman is that the difference between him and us is that he believes that we should double down on fossil fuels as the answer to the problems facing the country, whereas we know that clean energy is the way forward.
What progress he has made on achieving clean power by 2030.
Since this Government came into office, we have taken a series of steps to deliver clean, home-grown power for Britain, including lifting the onshore wind ban, consenting to nearly 3 GW of solar and overseeing the most successful renewables auction in history.
In December, we published our clean power action plan, which has been widely welcomed by business as providing the route map that simply did not exist under the previous Government.
Energy projects in East Anglia will be crucial for generating the clean, cheap power that this country needs to grow, from wind and solar farms to nuclear power stations, including the much-needed Sizewell C. These projects will bring high-skilled jobs to East Anglia, including in my constituency of Bury St Edmunds and Stowmarket.
What action are the Government taking to ensure that the infrastructure improvements to connect these projects to the grid will not be hamstrung by the planning process?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and congratulate him on his advocacy.
Members across the House have a decision to make here.
As the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Peckham (Miatta Fahnbulleh) , said earlier, we are exposed to fossil fuels and we see what is happening in global markets with prices going up.
If we want to change that and have clean home-grown power that we can control, we have  to build the infrastructure we need.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bury St Edmunds and Stowmarket (Peter Prinsley)  on supporting it and on supporting our planning reforms, and I urge Members across this House to do the same.
Given that the British taxpayer is paying billions of pounds in subsidies to fell trees in Canada and ship the wood across the Atlantic to burn in the Drax power station, can the Secretary of State tell the House where the clean energy lies within that?
Has he read the KPMG report?
If he has, will he come to the House and make a statement on his assessment of it?
The last Government consulted on what, if any, future support there should be for biomass power stations.
We are studying that consultation and we will make a statement in due course.
Community energy projects can help us achieve clean energy by 2030.
Darley Abbey Community Energy is surging ahead with plans for 100 kW Archimedes screw on the River Derwent—the same river that powered the world’s first factory 200 years ago.
The project could generate enough hydroelectricity to power all the businesses at Darley Abbey Mills, but there are hurdles in place, including planning permission, insurance costs and the need for up-front capital.
What can the Government do to support local renewable community projects such as these to succeed?
My hon.
Friend makes a fantastically important point, which is that we often think about planning reform as being about the large-scale projects, but it is also about unblocking the smaller-scale projects.
Having a national energy policy statement that includes 2030, working with local authorities and making sure there are enough planners to make the decisions—all those things can all make a difference.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her advocacy for this work, and I congratulate the local community on this project.
Experts are clear that the savings from the Government’s clean power action plan will be wiped out by 2050 if airport expansion at Heathrow, Gatwick and Luton goes ahead, and that relying on so-called sustainable aviation fuels would use up to half the UK’s agricultural land.