While we do that, we are working with Ofgem and industry to ensure that businesses are  not being locked into expensive contracts, and to ensure that they have much stronger redress when things go wrong.
I thank the Minister for all her work in this area.
I know from conversations with my constituents that energy costs are a large part of the cost of living crisis for them.
Following the Conservative party’s failure to protect our energy system and invest in home-grown clean power, can the Minister give us an update on what steps are being taken to tackle my constituents’ high energy bills?
My hon.
Friend is 100% right.
The reason we are so exposed as a country to global fossil fuel markets and the rollercoaster that is damaging business and hurting consumers is the Conservative party’s failure to invest in home-grown clean power and to upgrade people's homes to insulate them from high prices.
That is a record of which the Conservatives should be ashamed, and it is a record that we are determined to change.
Many households in my constituency are struggling with high energy bills because the last Government left us exposed to the unpredictable fossil fuel market.
Does the Minister agree that the only way in which to protect residents in my constituency and across the country permanently is to unlock clean power that we control here in the UK?
My hon.
Friend is completely right.
Every solar panel and every wind turbine that we put up takes us closer to delivering the energy security that we need to achieve financial security for families.
That, combined with our drive to upgrade people’s homes, is what will protect households in the long term.
It is the central mission of this team, this Department and this Government, and it is why we are running at clean power by 2030.
In anticipation of the energy market reform that the last Government neglected to carry out, I look forward to hearing confirmation from my colleagues on the Front Bench that we may be able to find a way of insulating people in the long term—for the transition to decarbonising heat, for example.
Can my hon.
Friend confirm that, in future, we may be able to have a social tariff that protects the most vulnerable from the excesses of energy prices?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that we urgently need to tackle the challenge of affordability.
Energy is not a luxury good; it is foundational, and for too many people, this essential good is not affordable.
A social tariff is one mechanism of responding to this, and there are different ways in which that can be implemented.
We are looking at all the options, to ensure that families can get this essential good at more affordable prices.
People living in rural locations disproportionately live in housing stock that is older and colder and does not have gas.
In the Minister’s discussions with energy suppliers, will she please not forget to talk to the suppliers of liquefied petroleum gas and oil, since many of our constituents—particularly with the withdrawal of the winter fuel payment—are suffering a great deal?
We are very alive to the issues in rural communities, and we are working to ensure that there are solutions for all types of homes.
We had record applications to our boiler upgrade scheme for heat pumps, a large number of which were from rural households.
We are very clear as we roll out our plan that there will be a solution for every single household, so that everyone can benefit from homes that are warmer and cheaper to run.
This winter, many of my constituents are concerned about energy outages.
Last Thursday, the Cooper school and Glory Farm school had to close for the entire day when they lost all electricity supply.