Thirty testing sites across the country will be enhanced with the latest digital AI technologies, ready to invite women already booked in for routine screenings on the NHS to take part.
The technology will assist radiologists by screening patients to identify changes in breast tissue that show possible signs of cancer, with referral for further investigations if required.
If the trial is successful, it has immense potential to free up hundreds of radiologists and other specialists across the country to see more patients, tackle rising cancer rates and save more lives.
It is just one example of how British scientists are at the forefront of transforming cancer care, and of the promising potential of cutting-edge innovations to tackle one of the UK’s biggest killers.
This Government know that unless we do things differently, our NHS will remain in the dire state in which we inherited it.
That means proper reform, from doing away with burdensome process that holds back frontline staff to handing more power to local leaders so that they can deliver for the communities they know best.
It also means embracing new technologies, including AI, to transform the way we deliver care and to improve patient outcomes.
Today’s trial is yet more evidence of this Government taking action to bring in the reform that is desperately needed.
As the Prime Minister set out last month, our plan for change will put the UK on the front foot, unleashing AI to drive up health services and shift the NHS from analogue to digital, as part of our 10-year plan.
Our 10-year plan will ensure that the NHS is there for our grandchildren and future generations, but we believe that the increasing number of cancer cases and the complexity of cancer care mean that we need a specific approach to cancer.
We are determined both to bring down the number of lives cut short by cancer and to ensure that many more people go on to lead a full life after their treatment.
That is why I am today announcing a call for evidence for our new national cancer plan that we will publish following the 10-year plan in the second half of this year.
We will look at the full range of factors and tools that will allow us to transform outcomes for cancer patients while improving their experiences of treatment and care.
We will make the United Kingdom a world leader in cancer survival by fighting the disease on all fronts—through better research, diagnosis, screening, treatment and prevention.
However, we cannot do this alone, and that is why we are launching this call for evidence from patients, doctors, nurses, scientists, our key partners and other members of the public on what should be included.
To support that work, we will relaunch the children and young people’s cancer taskforce, co-chaired by  the hon.
Member for Gosport (Dame Caroline Dinenage)  and Professor Darren Hargrave, with Dr Sharna  Shanmugavadivel as vice-chair.
I’ve put my teeth in—apologies if I pronounced that wrong.
The taskforce will bring together the country’s top experts to set out plans to improve treatment, detection and research for cancer in children, which will feed into the plan.
At every stage, we will ensure that patient voices are heard.
I look forward to updating the House on the progress of the plan, the taskforce and the trial throughout the year.
Many of us on the Government Benches remember with pride the previous Labour Government’s record in the fight against cancer.
We introduced landmark legislation to ban smoking in public places, protecting a generation of children from the harms of second-hand smoke, while putting record sums into smoking cessation programmes.