I look forward to updating the House on the progress of the plan, the taskforce and the trial throughout the year.
Many of us on the Government Benches remember with pride the previous Labour Government’s record in the fight against cancer.
We introduced landmark legislation to ban smoking in public places, protecting a generation of children from the harms of second-hand smoke, while putting record sums into smoking cessation programmes.
At the dawn of the millennium, we launched a national cancer plan, which led to faster cancer diagnosis and treatment times, increased funding for cancer services, equipped the national health service with radiotherapy machines—many of which are still there—and expanded cancer research funding, so that a new generation of scientists could answer the call.
What did that plan lead to?
Survival rates went up.
The number of patients diagnosed and treated on time went up.
The number of lives lived well after cancer went up.
That was our record in government, and we will do it again.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Minister.
I thank the Minister for advance sight of his statement, and I thank all the NHS workers, charities, scientists and others working to help those with cancer.
We can all agree that tackling cancer should be a top priority for the NHS.
From diagnosing people quickly to starting treatment quickly and using the latest technology and drugs, we all want to see improvements.
The recent trends in cancer survival rates are positive.
The one-year survival rate for cancer increased by 5.9% between 2010 and 2020, and the five-year survival rate increased by 4.3% in the same period.
Despite those improvements, we are not yet where we want to be, and we will be up front about that.
In government, we took action to catch cancer sooner and boost survival rates, with initiatives such as lung cancer screening and prostate cancer trials, and we welcome that Labour is continuing with that mission.
We will work constructively with the Government on that, as we all want to achieve the same positive outcomes.
However, the statement as a whole is rather disappointing.
The Minister has told us that this is a cancer plan, but it is not; it is a statement that there is to be one.
The Government saying that they want cancer survival rates to increase and that they are going to have a plan does not make it so—we need the plan itself.
The announcement of the AI trial in breast cancer is a welcome approach.
Artificial intelligence has the capacity to revolutionise the way we diagnose disease, and I am delighted that the Government wish to explore those opportunities.
We also very much welcome the relaunch of the children and young people’s cancer taskforce, and are pleased it will be able to continue its valuable  work under the co-chairmanship of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Gosport (Dame Caroline Dinenage)  and Professor Darren Hargrave.
It is just a shame that the Labour Government wasted seven months by suspending the Conservative taskforce, only to reinstate it now.
I note the Minister’s comments about waiting times to start treatment, and we agree that these must improve.
I am sure it will not have escaped his notice that NHS Wales, which has been under a Labour Administration for 25 years, has a poorer performance, and I am certain he would not want party politics to affect such an issue.
Can he tell the House what conversations he is having with his Welsh counterparts to improve cancer care there?
I am also concerned that last month, the Government appeared to quietly abandon the target of ensuring that patients receive treatment a maximum of 62 days from an urgent referral of suspected cancer, despite the Health Secretary having said before the election that a Labour Government would meet that target within the first term.
Will the Minister clarify his commitment to the 62-day target?