Lady is right that, particularly in rural areas, certain house types are often much more difficult to heat due to much older building materials and a lack of insulation.
The Minister for Consumers, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Peckham (Miatta Fahnbulleh) , is working to make sure our warm homes plan can reach all communities and all types of households,  and I encourage  the hon.
Member for Ely and East Cambridgeshire (Charlotte Cane)  to feed in any ideas for how we can do that for these rural and off-grid households.
Every winter, Altnaharra in my constituency is the coldest place in the UK.
I can think of lots of pensioners who are faced with the invidious decision of whether to switch off and shiver or to run into debt.
It occurs to me that the Department for Work and Pensions may well have a database of these people, so will His Majesty’s Government get the DWP to work with the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero to identify them and give a helping hand?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that helpful point.
Where we can co-ordinate information and data across Government to identify people who need more support, we will do so.
My Department is currently working with the Department for Work and Pensions to release as much of that information as possible, and we hope that we will be able to make progress in due course.
Does the Minister agree that new oil and gas developments will not give us energy security?
As the fossil fuels they produce will be sold internationally, they will not lower bills and they will undermine our climate commitments.
My hon.
Friend is, of course, right to say that, even if oil and gas are extracted from the continental shelf, they are sold on the international markets.
The companies that extract the oil and gas are in the business of trying to make as much profit as possible and will sell to the highest bidder, so it does not protect prices for consumers in this country.
We were clear in our manifesto that we will not issue licences for new exploration and new fields, but that we will continue to support those licences that have already been issued.
Our future does not lie in more oil and gas; it lies in clean power, which is why we are moving at pace to deliver that.
What steps he is taking to introduce the warm homes plan.
What steps he is taking to introduce the warm homes plan.
What steps he is taking to introduce the warm homes plan.
The warm homes plan will upgrade up to 5 million homes with low-carbon solutions such as heat pumps, solar and insulation to deliver homes that are warmer and cheaper to run.
We have already kick-started delivery, with up to 300,000 homes being upgraded this year alone.
We will set out our plans in the spring on how we will ramp this up.
In 2023, it emerged that a number of substandard retrofitting works were carried out as part of Government schemes.
In some cases, properties were left with structural damage.
When households sought redress, they found that many of the authorised contractors had folded, and they have been left to pick up the bill.
Will the Minister assure me and my constituents in Shipley that, under the warm homes plan, sufficient safeguards will be put in place to protect households from rogue companies?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
We are aware of too many cases where home upgrades have not been done to the required standard.
We are very clear that the ad hoc, fragmented system of regulating home upgrades that we inherited from the last Government is in dire need of reform.