Can he outline to the House what opportunities our publicly owned champion will bring to Southend East and Rochford and the wider south-east region?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Of course, the Great British Energy legislation is still going through Parliament at the moment; we hope that process will conclude soon, but in the meantime, hard work has been taking place to identify all the opportunities for Great British Energy to invest.
Both Opposition parties—the SNP and the Conservatives—seem to oppose Great British Energy.
Every single investment that it makes, every job that it creates, and every part of the supply chain that it incentivises will be delivered by Great British Energy against the SNP and the Conservatives, who have opposed it at every single stage.
I ask them to rethink their position on what is a publicly owned champion to deliver for communities, create good, well-paid jobs, and deliver the clean power future that we need as a country.
We heard from the chief executive officer of Great British Energy the other day.
He said that it was not in his brief to cut bills by £300.
What is Great British Energy for, then?
It turned out that the jobs were not going to materialise either, so how will the Government make sure that we do not have some bureaucrat job-creation scheme in every region of the country, as the Minister’s Back Benchers are calling for, but actually have a company that invests in things that otherwise would not be invested in?
Technologies such as wind and solar are already investable, so will Great British Energy focus on those things that need to be brought closer to market?
The right hon.
Gentleman strongly makes the case for the importance of a publicly owned energy champion investing in parts of the energy system that are not currently getting that investment; I appreciate his recognition of that.
What the interim chair of Great British Energy said very clearly—of course, it has not appointed a CEO yet—and what we have said consistently is that Great British Energy’s headquarters in Aberdeen will of course create jobs, but the majority of the jobs that will be created by that investment will come from the investment that Great British Energy makes in supply chains, in projects, and in developing the clean power that we need.
Great British Energy will champion the industries that the right hon.
Gentleman speaks about and deliver jobs in this country to reindustrialise communities, and Conservative Members will have to explain why they are against those jobs when they are created, including if they are created in the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
It was refreshing yesterday to have some clarity on Great British Energy’s plans, not from the Secretary  of State or from Ministers—that would be asking far too much—but from the Manchester-based chairman of the Aberdeen-based company, Juergen Maier.
He stated that cutting energy bills is a “very long-term project”—not £300 by the next election, then—and that the Aberdeen headquarters, if we can call it that, will employ only 200 to 300 people, far from the 1,000 initially promised, although that may come in 20 years’ time.
On behalf of the tens of thousands of energy workers worried for their future, and indeed the millions watching their energy bills rise yet again, can I ask the Minister whether he agrees with the now very interim chairman?
The shadow Minister must be the only Member of Parliament representing Aberdeenshire who is against investment in Aberdeenshire.
He will have to explain to his constituents and businesses right across his community why he stands up and opposes investment in his constituency.