But for how long will progress on this depend on people baking cakes, running marathons and organising dinners?
When will the NHS and the National Institute for Health and Care Research get their act together and do something for the 3,200 people who will be diagnosed with this dreadful illness this year?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
Those of us who knew Margaret miss her very much; she was such a towering figure in the Labour party for so many years, and we on the Labour Benches have a lot to thank her—and, indeed, my hon.
Friend—for.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right on research.
This is one area where, quite frankly, we have not done well enough.
We have not made any progress.
I know she will continue to champion more research.
With our new national cancer plan, I hope that she will be pushing on an open door, because this is one area we absolutely have to do much better in.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Nearly every family has a cancer story, whether it is a personal fight or that of a loved one.
A 10-year plan from the Government is a welcome step, as the previous Government broke their promise to implement a 10-year cancer strategy that would have made a real difference to patients.
We on the Liberal Democrat Benches are very proud that our cancer campaigner, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wokingham (Clive Jones) , secured from the Government a commitment to introduce such a plan.
Testing for cancer, diagnosing and starting treatment quickly reduces stress and anxiety.
Also, if the cancer is caught early, it is more likely to be treated successfully.
Yet the target of 85% of people receiving their diagnosis and starting treatment within 62 days of an urgent referral has not been met since December 2015.
In my constituency, one third of cases fall short of that target and 1,000 families lose a loved one every year to this cruel disease.
Lord Darzi’s review laid out very clearly that the UK has appreciably higher cancer mortality rates than other countries and that more than 30% of patients are waiting longer than 31 days for radical radiotherapy.
A quarter of England’s 280 radiotherapy machines are now operating  beyond their recommended 10-year lifespan, and in some areas, such as West Sussex, there is no access to radiotherapy at all.
That is why we welcomed the £70 million investment announced in October to start to replace the older radiotherapy machines.
Will the Minister confirm whether there will be further rounds of funding to keep pace with available radiotherapy technology?
Will he look to support those at the mercy of a postcode lottery by ensuring that radiotherapy is available in all areas?
What is the expected timeline for reversing the damage done by the previous Government, and when can all patients expect to start their treatment within the 62-day urgent referral target?
One reason we think a national cancer plan is so important is precisely to get the investment in the areas we need so that we can tackle those health inequalities.
There are very real inequalities when it comes to the diagnosis of cancer and, more importantly, the treatment and therefore the outcomes.
I am really keen that we focus on that in the plan, to ensure that all parts of the country achieve the best outcomes for people who have been diagnosed with cancer.
Part of the plan is the roll-out of community diagnostic centres so that we can get diagnosis much earlier.
That then puts greater pressure on getting people through the front door for treatment, so that is why, as part of the recovery plan that the Prime Minister and the Health Secretary announced, we are seeking to get more people treated more quickly on those treatment pathways.
Hopefully, that will get the desired outcomes we want.