I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for all the work that she has done on ovarian cancer since becoming an MP.
She knows—the rest of the House might not—that I lost my mum to ovarian cancer.
I was 19 when my mum died and she was only 50—my age today.
She had a late diagnosis.
They basically opened her up to perform a hysterectomy and the cancer had spread all the way through her body.
They sewed her back up and she died at the end of a hospital ward two days later in pain and agony.
Having awareness of those symptoms is so important.
My mum was fobbed off by her GP, because she worked in a shop and lifted boxes.
She had a bad back and was bloated and so on.
The GP said it was down to her work, rather than erring on the side of caution and getting her checked out.
We must ensure that women today are heard by GPs and, more importantly, that we err on the side of caution and get people on to treatment.
The Minister is absolutely right to focus on this.
I warmly welcome the reinstatement of the children and young people’s cancer taskforce.
I take this opportunity to pay tribute to my constituent Charlotte Fairall, who was pivotal in the work to bring the taskforce together in the first place.
Charlotte’s daughter Sophie died of rhabdomyosarcoma when she was just 10 years old.
I know the Minister met Charlotte to discuss this issue.
Unfortunately, Sophie is not alone—around 500 children and young people die of cancer every year in the UK.
It  is the biggest cause of death by illness of children under the age of 14.
Sophie had a wish list of things that she wanted to achieve before she died, including cooking with Gordon Ramsay and wearing high-heeled shoes, but she also wanted to meaningfully change the way we detect, treat and care for children with cancer.
Does the Minister agree that the taskforce is a great step in that direction?
It absolutely is, and I thank the hon.
Lady for agreeing to co-chair the re-formed taskforce.
I know that she cares passionately about this issue, and it was lovely to meet Charlotte some time before Christmas.
Cancer is terrible, and cancer affecting children even more so.
As the hon.
Lady knows, we paused the taskforce because the general election got in the way.
We wanted to carry out a real-time stocktake to establish whether we needed all these different taskforces, but, along with Charlotte, she convinced me, and convinced the Secretary of State, that the work of this taskforce will be crucial to informing our national cancer plan, and I wish her all the best in securing the outcomes that both she and I want to see.
Does the Minister agree that the move from analogue to digital will be key to cancer research, especially in the field of rare cancers such as the brain tumours that we have been hearing about?
I absolutely do.
That shift to analogue to digital, and the use of the latest advantages in technology, science and research, will push the boundaries of what is possible when it comes to diagnosing and treating some of the rarer cancers, on which we have made virtually zero progress in recent years.
I think that, with the right direction, the right commitment and the right drive, we can really start to make inroads in this area.
May I invite the Minister, and indeed everyone here, to join us in Room M after these exchanges, when Radiotherapy UK will have a drop-in session with—most important—our patron Bryan Robson, England’s Captain Fantastic?
I thank him for mentioning radiotherapy in his statement, which is crucial step forward, but may I suggest that he and the Government need to show exponentially greater ambition to get this right?