I call the Chair of the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
Next week, the Select Committee will be hearing from some of the victims of the botched solid wall insulation installed under the previous Government’s energy company obligation and GB insulation scheme.
That includes people whose homes may well have to be rebuilt, as the cost of repairing the damage may be higher.
Will the Minister tell us how such a thing could have happened, and will she confirm that she is happy to come back to the Select Committee to add to the comments that she has already made about rebuilding consumer confidence after the disaster under the previous Government?
What is clear to us as a new Government is that the system of regulating home upgrades was too ad hoc and too fragmented.
Accountability was not clear enough and consumers were not at the heart of the system.
We are committed to turning around that system.
Put simply, when someone has a home upgrade, they need to have the confidence that it will work for them and that, when things go wrong, redress will be put in place.
I am committed to update the Select Committee on the progress that we are making on getting a grip of what we have inherited and on making sure that such a thing never happens again for consumers.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
As we have been hearing, Dickensian conditions of cold, damp and mouldy homes are shamefully on the increase.
In my constituency, more than 4,000 households are having to make that difficult decision between eating and heating because of the previous Government’s dither and delay on insulation.
However, even now, local authorities and families are in limbo, anxiously awaiting confirmation of the 2025-26 funding for ECO4 and the Great British Insulation scheme through a ministerial statement.
Will the Minister act with the urgency that is needed to bring those schemes and the warm home scheme forward to tackle fuel poverty?
I thank the hon.
Member for pointing out the inheritance and the legacy.
That is material, because it is the backdrop to everything we are trying to do.
We are clear that we need to drive forward with momentum and pace.
That is why we are already upgrading up to 300,000 homes this year alone.
It is also why we are working with local authorities and social housing providers to deliver warm homes that are cheaper to run for communities across the country.
We are absolutely moving at pace with our warm homes plan.
We will be setting out that plan, and at its heart is an ambition to ramp up the number of upgrades massively, so that more families across the country can benefit from what we know works: warm homes and lower bills.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of recent trends in levels of standing charges for electricity bills.
We know that people are frustrated with standing charges, and we are committed as a Government to reducing them.
As an initial step, the regulator Ofgem is consulting on giving people the option of no standing charge tariffs within the price cap, and we will continue to work with the regulator to ensure that we lower standing charges in the fairest way possible.
Lesley from Tring is one of my constituents who just missed out on the winter fuel allowance.
She said she will be
“spending most of the winter in bed”
because she is struggling with energy costs.
While so many are struggling with the cost of energy, standing charges disproportionately affect those on lower incomes such as Lesley.
Will the Government meet Ofgem to discuss those disparities and prepare detailed action to review standing charges for a fairer system?
I am sorry to hear about the case of Lesley, and I know there are people across the country who have this frustration with standing charges.