Friend raises an important point.
We are aware of too many cases where home upgrades have not been done to the required standard.
We are very clear that the ad hoc, fragmented system of regulating home upgrades that we inherited from the last Government is in dire need of reform.
We will overhaul that system so that when people have home upgrades, they can be confident that they will be of the highest standard and that when things go wrong, they will have as much protection as possible and redress within the system.
The previous Government were content to sit back and allow developers to build homes that have locked people into years of expensive and dirty gas heating.
How will the Minister ensure that the 1.5 million new homes the Government will deliver will not keep people dependent on outdated and costly gas heating systems?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; the new homes we build must be fit for the future and must be decent homes that comply with our carbon standards.
We are working with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to bring forward the future homes standard, and we will set out our plans for that in due course.
I have been shocked by the number of mouldy and damp homes that I have visited in my constituency.
No one should be forced to live in such conditions.
We have some of the leakiest homes in Europe as a result of the last Government’s failure to deal with the problem.
Will the Minister tell me how our warm homes plan will improve housing conditions and bring down bills for my constituents in Bournemouth West?
Cold, damp homes that are hard to heat are the reality for too many households in this country.
That is the legacy of the party opposite and a legacy that we are absolutely determined to turn around.
We are committed to upgrading homes in the rental sectors with our minimum energy efficiency standard so that we can make cold, draughty homes a thing of the past.
We will ramp up our warm homes plan so that my hon.
Friend’s constituents and constituents across the country will benefit from homes that are warmer and bills that are lower.
Will the Minister acknowledge the amazing contributions of groups such as New Forest Friends of the Earth, which this very morning have been lobbying their MPs in Parliament Square on warm homes initiatives?
They will be coming to the Government with some possibly  costly proposals, but I hope that the Government, despite the economic legacy that they allegedly inherited, will give them a sympathetic hearing.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for reminding us about our economic inheritance.
We are reaching out to organisations and stakeholders across the country—industry, charities and third sector organisations—to feed into our warm homes plan, so we are keen to hear ideas.
We are conscious that we have an ambitious programme and we need to do a big scaling-up of home upgrades across the country, so we are definitely in the market for hearing from and reaching out to organisations that can come up with ideas.
Is it not a fact that, regardless of how much money is put into a warm homes scheme, social tariffs or whatever, consumers can never be insulated against the massive cost of the mad net zero policy that will require thousands of new turbines, acres of solar farms and miles of new transmission lines, all at a cost to the consumer?
How on earth does the Minister believe that we will deal with the issue of fuel poverty in this country with that cost?
I will say to the right hon.
Gentleman that at the moment, families are not insulated from fossil fuel markets.
We have seen one of the worst energy crises, which has had a huge impact on the cost of living.
The status quo is not tenable.