I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her advocacy for this work, and I congratulate the local community on this project.
Experts are clear that the savings from the Government’s clean power action plan will be wiped out by 2050 if airport expansion at Heathrow, Gatwick and Luton goes ahead, and that relying on so-called sustainable aviation fuels would use up to half the UK’s agricultural land.
Does the Secretary of State agree with the scientists that, while ambitious clean power plans are hugely welcome, if this Government also back airport expansion, they are not going to meet their climate obligations?
As the Chancellor said last week, any aviation expansion has to take place within carbon budgets and environmental limits.
I would also point out that this Government have achieved more in six months than the last Government did in 14 years.
We have lifted the onshore wind ban, consented nearly 3 GW of solar, set up GB Energy and the national wealth fund and held the most successful renewables auction in history.
This Government are delivering on clean power.
I call the shadow Minister.
To achieve his clean power plan, can the Secretary of State say exactly what local communities need to do to convince him that solar farms on agricultural lands are not appropriate in their area?
It is quite extraordinary.
We are absolutely exposed as a country, yet the Conservatives oppose clean power.
They have a blanket opposition to clean power, so let every person in the country know that when energy bills remain high, they are opposing the things that will bring them down.
It is quite extraordinary.
This is the Conservative party that lost the last general election—its worst defeat in 200 years—yet if anything, since the election, Conservative Members have got worse and learned nothing.
The Secretary of State recently approved a 524-hectare solar farm in Lincolnshire—a farm linked to Dale Vince, a £5.4 million donor to the Labour party.
The public have a right to be certain that this decision was carried out properly, so will the Secretary of State refer his conduct of this application to the independent adviser on ministerial standards?
Yes or no?
I am glad the hon.
Lady asks, because I took no part in this decision—I recused myself. [
Interruption.]
Here we go.
They have nothing to say about the country, just desperate scraping of the barrel.
Let the whole House hear that they oppose a solar plan that will put up solar panels throughout the country and give clean power to the British people.
The state of the Conservative party is something to behold.
What steps he is taking to support off-grid communities with energy prices.
What steps he is taking to support off-grid communities with energy prices.
Our commitment to make Britain a clean energy superpower is the only way to protect bill payers permanently.
The Government are determined to support all households with their energy costs, including those that are off grid, and eligible low-income households are being supported with the warm home discount.
I urge households off the gas grid to contact their electricity supplier, if they have one, to see what support they can receive.
Many of my constituents, as well as being off grid, have homes built of non-standard materials—clunch or wattle and daub—and those homes are also often listed.
What support will the Minister provide to my constituents who are looking to retrofit their homes to move away from oil and improve insulation?
The hon.
Lady is right that, particularly in rural areas, certain house types are often much more difficult to heat due to much older building materials and a lack of insulation.
The Minister for Consumers, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Peckham (Miatta Fahnbulleh) , is working to make sure our warm homes plan can reach all communities and all types of households,  and I encourage  the hon.