In recent weeks, we have seen continuing rises in prices in global fossil fuel markets, with wholesale gas prices last month 60% higher than a year ago, which is caused by a number of factors.
I want to be clear with the House: as long as Britain remains so dependent on fossil fuels, we will be in the grip of these global markets controlled by petrostates and dictators, with direct impacts here at home.
The only way to get off this rollercoaster is with clean, home-grown power that we control, and that is what the Government’s clean energy mission is all about.
The Scottish Borders has some of the most beautiful countryside in the whole of the United Kingdom, but it is going to be destroyed by the massive pylons being built by ScottishPower Energy Networks in pursuit of Scottish Government and UK Government policy.
Does the Secretary of State think it is right to charge ahead with these plans, which are firmly opposed by local communities?
I say to the hon.
Gentleman, and I have said it throughout this Question Time, that local communities should have a say, but we have a decision to make as a country.
Do we build the clean energy infrastructure to protect us from volatile fossil fuel markets, or do businesses, families and the public finances—£94 billion was spent during the energy bills crisis—remain exposed?
I know what I would choose: we protect ourselves.
Green energy is the economic opportunity of the 21st century, and in an ever more unstable world, home-grown renewables are critical to our security and self-sufficiency.
What will the Secretary of State do to make sure that Burnley, Padiham and Brierfield, and places like those, benefit from new green jobs growth?
My hon.
Friend asks a really important question.
The whole point of our clean industry bonus is to incentivise British manufacturing.
That is so important for the country, and it was not done by the last Government.
We are determined that his constituents and constituents across the country will benefit.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
This Government’s ideological obsession with intermittent renewables at the expense of stable, clean, baseload nuclear power will, we think, be their greatest mistake.
They have delayed the small modular reactor down-selection competition, and we have not heard a peep about the final investment decision on Sizewell C. However, none of that comes close to the monumental act of self-harm of deciding to throw away and bury—out  of reach, underground—20 years of nuclear-grade plutonium, which could be used to drive forward a nuclear revolution in this country.
How does the Secretary of State think this will play with the pro-growth, pro-nuclear MPs in his own party who are already worried about him being a drag on growth?
First, may I take this opportunity—I know we are short of time, Madam Deputy Speaker—to congratulate the permanent shadow Energy Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for East Surrey (Claire Coutinho) , on the birth of her baby boy?
I am sure the whole House will want to join me in congratulating her.
I also congratulate the hon.
Gentleman on his temporary elevation.
On the issue of plutonium disposition and the decisions I and my hon.
Friends have made, we are acting on the best advice we have inside Government.
It has the potential to create thousands of jobs—thousands of long-term jobs—and it is the right thing to do not just for jobs, but for nuclear safety.
Stocksbridge Speciality Steels in my constituency has world-leading specialist capability to produce high-grade steel parts currently used in aerospace.
I am proud of this Government’s steel strategy, which will ensure we buy British for new infrastructure, and Great British Energy provides an ambitious opportunity to bring down bills and ensure energy security.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss the potential for using specialist steel capacity at Liberty Steel in Stocksbridge for new, net zero energy infrastructure?