We are very clear as we roll out our plan that there will be a solution for every single household, so that everyone can benefit from homes that are warmer and cheaper to run.
This winter, many of my constituents are concerned about energy outages.
Last Thursday, the Cooper school and Glory Farm school had to close for the entire day when they lost all electricity supply.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can ensure the grid has the capacity to avoid these outages, which are so damaging to homes, businesses and critical public services?
Yes, we will meet the hon.
Gentleman.
We are working to ensure that outages are not the norm.
This is obviously linked to weather issues that we are having to respond to, but the team has been working to ensure that households are not put in a difficult situation, and when they are, that we are responding as quickly as possible.
What would help bill payers is the £300 cut to energy bills that the Labour party promised in its manifesto.
Instead, bills went up £149 in October, they went up £21 in January, and they are going up again by £99 in April.
Can the Minister explain where the source of this departmental ineptitude lies, and would she like to apologise to the people of these islands for writing cheques that her party cannot cash?
The hon.
Member explains exactly why we need to wean ourselves off fossil fuel markets.
That is why it is critical that we deliver clean power by 2030—that is the central mission of this team, and we are running at it.
The Scottish Government do have the levers to protect households in fuel poverty.
Before the hon.
Member criticises us, they should get their house in order and get on with the job.
Prior to the election, the Secretary of State promised to cut my constituents’ energy bills by £300.
Would the Minister repeat that promise at the Dispatch Box?
We have a manifesto commitment to reduce energy bills by £300.
We are doing everything we can.
We have a legacy of record high energy bills.
We are running at clean power because we think that is the route to delivering lower energy costs.
We are upgrading people’s homes because we know that is the route to delivering homes that are warmer and cleaner to run.
We are doing everything we can.
The Conservative party oversaw a crisis for households, so before its Members start lecturing us on what we should do, they should be hanging their heads in shame.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on opportunities for industry under the national wealth fund.
The national wealth fund is an essential part of our clean energy and growth missions.
Recent investments include £20 million of investment into XLCC, a subsea cable manufacturer, to develop a new facility in Scotland, creating 900 jobs; £28 million of investment into Cornish Metals to finance lithium production, supporting more than 300 local jobs; and £1 billion, working with Barclays and Lloyds, to upgrade social housing, giving people warmer homes and lower bills.
I thank the Secretary of State for his answer.
In the Liverpool bay area, just off the coast of my Southport constituency, we already have a number of wind farms, including the Burbo Bank scheme.
Can he outline to the House what more his Department is doing to ensure that, as we put up these wind farms, jobs are created in constituencies like mine?
My hon.
Friend asks a really important question, which Members from right across this House will agree with.
The situation we have inherited from the last Government is that Germany has almost twice as many renewables jobs per capita as Britain, Sweden almost three times as many, and Denmark almost four times as many.