The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent assessment he has made of trends in the level of fuel poverty.
What steps his Department is taking to tackle fuel poverty in winter 2024-25.
The previous Government’s record on fuel poverty was absolutely woeful, and we have had to inherit an incredibly challenging trajectory.
We are doing everything we can to shift that by upgrading homes for families in fuel poverty, driving up standards in the rental sector so that we lift 1 million people out of fuel poverty and supporting over 3 million households with our warm homes discount, all while running with our mission for clean power.
Despite Scotland being one of the most energy-rich nations in Europe, decades of mismanagement by different colours of UK Government—whether Labour or Conservative—have led to a shocking one third of households in Scotland living in fuel poverty.
That number is set to rise, along with energy bills.
The Government were elected on Labour’s pledge to cut energy bills by £300, but yesterday the chair of GB Energy admitted that that was “not in its remit” and was completely unable to say when bills would come down, alleviating fuel poverty.
If this is not another broken promise from the Prime Minister, can the Secretary of State confirm exactly when in this parliamentary term consumers in Scotland will see that reduction?
Fuel poverty is devolved in Scotland.
The Scottish Government have had the opportunity to make a dent in this problem for almost 20 years and they have not.
Even now, as we are ramping up upgrades to help people with fuel poverty, the Scottish Government are raiding more than £200 million from retrofitting funds that could help families today.
I will take no lectures from the hon.
Gentleman on how we tackle this problem.
I call Wendy Chamberlain.
She is not here.
I call Frank McNally.
I commend the Minister for the announcement of support for those in most need this winter.
Given Scotland’s colder climate, does the Minister share my view that, as she has just expressed, the Scottish Government’s decision to cut £200 million from the retrofitting budget is failing people in Coatbridge and Bellshill and across Scotland, and that with record funding from this UK Government in the Budget, they should reverse that cut?
My hon.
Friend is completely right.
There is no justification for raiding retrofitting budgets, because we know that is the route by which we upgrade people’s homes to deliver homes that are warmer and cheaper to run.
We are doing our bit to drive down energy bills and deliver clean power, which is the route to energy security and financial security.
The Scottish Government need to crack on and do their bit.
What steps he is taking to support workers’ rights in the renewable energy sector.
The Government came into office six months ago and are determined to ensure that clean energy jobs are high quality, well paid and secure, with strong trade unions.
I want to take this opportunity to commend EDF Renewables for its recent recognition agreements with three trade unions.
Through the Office for Clean Energy Jobs, we are working with industry and trades unions to support fair pay and workers’ rights, and ensuring that workers across the country can benefit from the economic opportunities of the net zero transition.
Data centres at Blackpool’s proposed high-performance data centre campus Silicon Sands will be powered by renewable energy and cooled by liquid immersion techniques, with the excess heat repurposed into neighbourhood buildings and homes.
Silicon Sands could lead the way in an environmentally friendly approach to data centres, while creating thousands of well-paid jobs for my home town.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how the Department can support my vision to build a better Blackpool?
I would of course be delighted to meet my hon.