By supporting the installation of more charging ports in Parliament and other workplaces across the country, we can encourage more people to make the environmentally friendly switch to electric vehicles.
What measures are the Government taking to promote the installation of charging ports in workplaces?
I cannot speak on behalf of the House of Commons authorities, but under the building regulations of 2021, all new non-residential buildings and those undergoing major renovations must install charging infrastructure.
In government, along with colleagues in the Department for Transport, I hosted roundtables yesterday, and I will host another today, on how we can unlock much more investment in charging infrastructure, because that is critical in supporting the transition to electric vehicles.
I took part in last week’s very successful Nuclear Week in Parliament, and was pleased to see so many officials from the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero engaging in it, but the dark cloud on the horizon for me and my constituents is that the Scottish National party Government in Scotland still use the planning system to block new nuclear development, and the jobs and economic opportunities that it brings.
What can the UK Government do to promote new nuclear development in Scotland?
I have huge respect for the right hon.
Gentleman and completely concur with him on this issue.
Nuclear is an essential part of our clean energy future.
The demand for electricity in the years ahead—there will be a 50% increase by 2035, and demand will probably be double, if not more, by 2050—means that we need all the technologies at our disposal: renewables, nuclear and others.
The SNP is 100% in the wrong place on this, but I am glad to say that Scottish Labour is in the right place.
When I visited Birkby junior school, I saw that tackling climate change and pollution is one of its key priorities.
Does the Minister agree that setting a strong nationally determined contribution at COP29 and committing to an ambitious clean power target is important in demonstrating that the Government are intent on tackling climate change, especially at a time when other global leaders are not?
Last week, the UK formally submitted its NDC to the United Nations framework convention on climate change.
It is a world-leading, ambitious target that we hope will demonstrate ambition to other countries.
In that NDC, we have a youth clause for the first time, and I am very keen to talk to Members across the House about how we can better engage with schools, communities and young people to bring them on board with us as we seek to achieve our ambitions.
Will the Minister agree to meet the wonderful Cumbria Action for Sustainability and me to address some of the imperfections in the Government home insulation programme?
It does not properly support older rural-community properties that are single-skinned, not so easy to insulate, and therefore not so easy to keep heated cheaply.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
We know that we have a job to do to ensure that all insulation is up to standard and that we have the right measures for every type of household.
I am keen to engage with him and Members across the House.
The UK has a fantastic £26 billion clean tech sector, leading the way in innovation and carbon reduction for everything from clean power to sustainable agriculture.
However, all too often, red tape and bureaucracy are locking in dependency on fossil fuels and foreign oil and gas.
How can we work across Government to cut back on this unnecessary red tape, and ensure that our schemes support the leading tech and innovation that our best-of-British producers are bringing forward?
There is huge potential, and with my right hon.