I think that, with the right direction, the right commitment and the right drive, we can really start to make inroads in this area.
May I invite the Minister, and indeed everyone here, to join us in Room M after these exchanges, when Radiotherapy UK will have a drop-in session with—most important—our patron Bryan Robson, England’s Captain Fantastic?
I thank him for mentioning radiotherapy in his statement, which is crucial step forward, but may I suggest that he and the Government need to show exponentially greater ambition to get this right?
The UK spends 5% of its cancer budget on radiotherapy, while the OECD average is 9%, which is why the UK is at the bottom of the survival league for so many cancers.
Will the Minister commit himself to putting that right?
I am not sure that I will be able to attend the hon.
Gentleman’s meeting, but I will certainly be in Westminster Hall for his debate later this afternoon.
I understand exactly the concerns of people who are championing the need for increased access to radiotherapy treatments.
My dad benefited from radiotherapy at the Christie, which probably gave him an extra couple of years of life with his family—I will be forever grateful for that.
I get it; I understand it; we need to make the case.
I thank the Minister for his welcome statement, and join him in thanking all the organisations that do the vital work of  helping and supporting those with cancer and their families.
He is right to talk about health inequalities, which, as he will know, continue to worsen in constituencies such as mine, where, on average, people live 10 years less than others in more affluent areas; and last year more than 13,000 were waiting for diagnostic tests.
Will he join me in commending the work of Eccleshill community diagnostic centre in Bradford— essential, and the first of its kind—which is speeding up the detection of life-threatening conditions such as cancer, and will he assure me that, as part of his national action plan, more support will be given to places such as Bradford and the Eccleshill community diagnostic centre, so that no one is left behind when it comes to their treatment?
As my hon.
Friend says, tackling health inequalities is a key priority for this Government, in relation to our health mission but also more generally, when it comes to some of the big conditions such as cancer.
In areas such as his and mine, the prevalence of cancer is greater, because of the industrial legacy, and also because the prevalence of smoking is still much higher than the national average.
I commend the work of his local diagnostics team, and we need much more of that best practice to be spread across the areas that need it the most.
I welcome the Minister's statement.
He will be aware that a routine prostate cancer screening programme would save many lives.
Can he give any indication of when it will be introduced?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for that question, and also for the written parliamentary questions about prostate cancer that he and a number of other Members have tabled.
According to the current guidance, screening for prostate cancer is not recommended in the UK because of the inaccuracy of the current best test for prostate-specific antigen.
Indeed, it could actually harm men, as some might be diagnosed with a cancer that would not have caused them problems during their lives.
However, I am looking at this carefully, and I know that further information has gone to the National Institute for Health and Care Research so that it can, perhaps, reach a different conclusion.
Obviously, as technology and other mechanisms advance, this may well be an area where we can make inroads, but I am happy to work with the hon.
Gentleman to ensure that every opportunity is met.
I welcome this plan.