Part of the plan is the roll-out of community diagnostic centres so that we can get diagnosis much earlier.
That then puts greater pressure on getting people through the front door for treatment, so that is why, as part of the recovery plan that the Prime Minister and the Health Secretary announced, we are seeking to get more people treated more quickly on those treatment pathways.
Hopefully, that will get the desired outcomes we want.
It is a commitment that we will seek to restore the national health service to its constitutional standards.
That is a priority of this Government.
On radiotherapy machines, the £70 million investment will fund about 25 or so machines.
The criteria for evaluating bids are the age of the machine, the proportion of machines aged over seven years, and the performance against the 31-day standard for radiotherapy, with poorer performers prioritised.
On future rounds of funding, the cancer plan will feed into spending reviews and future Budgets.
It is our priority to ensure that we reach the cancer targets, so hopefully we can make the case to the Treasury for future investment in further years.
As someone who lost his wife to cancer, I know the dire circumstances that a cancer diagnosis can bring.
It is right that cancer plans should focus on the best outcomes: improving the amount of time that people live for, or having a cure.
I would like to raise with the Minister the specific issue of pain relief management.
As part of the plan, will he ensure that there is an investigation into how pain relief management can be improved for cancer patients, and that it is given not just during the week but at weekends too?
Absolutely.
My hon.
Friend raises a really important point about how people receive pain relief and how that is managed.
There are some really good examples out there of how it is done really well and, shockingly, there are some that are less good.
We want to learn from the best.
As my right hon.
Friend the  Secretary of State says, it is about taking the best of the NHS to the rest of the NHS.
Absolutely, that should form part of the plan.
Like many people in this House, I have seen up close and personal the devastating impact that a cancer diagnosis can have on people and families.
I have also seen the difference between an early diagnosis and a later diagnosis, which is why I very much welcome the use of AI in early diagnosis.
One positive by-product of having a long-standing national health service is that we have in the UK a very large database of historical tissue samples.
Will the Minister consider using AI to do a retrospective analysis of those historical tissue samples to try to spot patterns that could inform future speedy diagnosis across a whole range of cancers?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for that suggestion and will ask my officials to look into it.
I am very keen that we maximise the latest advances in technology, genomics, life sciences and research to ensure that we identify people who are at risk of cancer, preferably before they develop cancer, so that we can get them on appropriate treatments where necessary and they avoid the pain and misery that cancer can bring.
On this World Cancer Day, will my hon.
Friend the public health Minister tell me what efforts he is making to raise awareness of the signs and symptoms of ovarian cancer, such as a bloated tummy, lack of appetite or feeling full, tummy pain or needing to pee more often, in order to increase lifesaving early diagnosis?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for all the work that she has done on ovarian cancer since becoming an MP.
She knows—the rest of the House might not—that I lost my mum to ovarian cancer.