The Government procurement budget is around £300 billion.
Can the Minister please tell us what percentage of his allocation  will go to British businesses?
Will he confirm that where we have to import, no modern slavery will be imported into this country?
On the second question, I completely agree with my hon.
Friend, who is an eloquent champion for tackling modern slavery.
I know Members from all parts of the House share her view.
We need to do better as a Government, in terms of the guidelines inherited from the last Government, and the solar taskforce is looking at those issues.
Her first question relates to something that we are discussing with our colleagues in government.
The economic and social value we can get as a country from the procurement budget is huge and untapped, and we need to do something about it.
The £80 million swimming pool support fund to help make pools more energy-efficient is facing a significant underspend before it expires in a few months’ time.
Will the Minister urgently meet Eastbourne borough council, Better, and me to discuss unlocking this national underspend to help fund solar panels and pool covers at Eastbourne Sovereign centre, where I learned to swim?
I am massively in favour of solar panels on swimming pools and lidos—I am an occasional lido user myself—so I am fully on board with the hon.
Gentleman’s point.
I will pass it on to colleagues in government.
Southampton Itchen has many Victorian and inter-war homes that are poorly insulated and therefore expensiveto heat, especially   as the Conservative party dragged its feet and did not invest in clean or affordable energy.
What steps is the Minister taking to improve the insulation and energy efficiency of my constituents’ homes?
This is hard, partly because of the fiscal backdrop, but we are working on a comprehensive plan so that we can help not just the poorest—we want to help those in fuel poverty—but people across the income spectrum through a more universal offer.
If we can get funding for up-front investments, there will be massive paybacks; that is the chance.
We all know that.
It is a hard nut to crack, but we are doing our best to do so.
Final question: Richard Tice.
Energy suppliers are now forecasting that the energy price cap will go up in April by another 5%, making for some 16% since last summer.
Will the Secretary of State tell the House when bills will come down—or will net stupid zero mean that they will only ever go up?
It is a particular pleasure to end with the hon.
Gentleman.
Here it is: a decision for all Members of the House to make.
We are on the rollercoaster of the fossil fuel markets; we have no control over them.
The mission of this Government is to take back control with clean, home-grown power.
I urge him and Members across the House to support taking back control.
With permission, I wish to make a statement on the national cancer plan.
Today is World Cancer Day.
Almost everyone in our country has been affected by cancer, either themselves or through a friend or relative.
Having lost both my parents to cancer, I am so grateful to the Prime Minister for giving me this job.
He has given me the chance of a lifetime to do my parents proud by creating the kind of compassionate and humane healthcare that all our constituents deserve.
I am also pleased to be led by a survivor of kidney cancer, my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care.
His experience as a patient will be invaluable to us in the months ahead.
I pay tribute to the amazing cancer charities who do fantastic work to help people live with cancer, support bereaved families and drive vital research in this area—Macmillan, Cancer Research UK, Cancer52 and Marie Curie to name just a few.