Stocksbridge Speciality Steels in my constituency has world-leading specialist capability to produce high-grade steel parts currently used in aerospace.
I am proud of this Government’s steel strategy, which will ensure we buy British for new infrastructure, and Great British Energy provides an ambitious opportunity to bring down bills and ensure energy security.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss the potential for using specialist steel capacity at Liberty Steel in Stocksbridge for new, net zero energy infrastructure?
South Yorkshire has a proud history of steelmaking, as I saw for myself when I was at Sheffield Forgemasters last week.
We saw a huge reduction in steel production in this country on the last Government’s watch, and we want to turn that around, which is why we are delivering a steel strategy.
As ever, I would of course be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to talk about how we can make this work.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
While we eagerly await progress on bringing community energy into the Great British Energy Bill when it comes back to this House, will Ministers reassure community groups around the country that they will enlarge and expand the community energy fund of £10 million, which is so successful that it is currently oversubscribed?
I know that the hon.
Lady has had long discussions with the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , on these issues.
We are absolutely determined that, as part of Great British Energy, community energy will be massively expanded.
That was our manifesto commitment, and that is what we will deliver.
Hon.
Members around the Chamber have asked how their community can benefit, and community energy will be an essential part.
In my constituency of Newport West and Islwyn, we have ever-expanding semiconductor facilities and data centres.
The primary mission of this Government is growth, but that growth could be stifled if there is not sufficient grid capacity alongside these exciting innovations.
What is the Minister doing to make sure that south Wales has sufficient grid capacity to support these advances and facilitate much-needed growth?
My hon.
Friend makes a very important point.
Although we are clearly on the sprint to deliver clean power by 2030, demand for electricity in this country is likely to double by 2050.
Our reforms around connection to the grid are important —they will make sure that there is space for demand projects, such as data centres, to connect—but so is building the grid for the future, so that we have capacity in our network to deliver on our growth aspirations.
Can the Minister assure the House that as the Government push to decarbonise the electricity grid, the vast majority of new electricity generation and transmission infrastructure will be built in the UK, not imported from foreign countries, including China?
We are absolutely determined to build the manufacturing base in this country.
I mentioned the investment in XLCC.
That is a crucial part of building the supply chains.
The supply chains have been eroded over a decade or two; we are determined to build them up.
Looking around the car park in Parliament, I noticed that we had only two charging ports, both occupied.
By supporting the installation of more charging ports in Parliament and other workplaces across the country, we can encourage more people to make the environmentally friendly switch to electric vehicles.
What measures are the Government taking to promote the installation of charging ports in workplaces?
I cannot speak on behalf of the House of Commons authorities, but under the building regulations of 2021, all new non-residential buildings and those undergoing major renovations must install charging infrastructure.