Members for Barking (Dame Margaret Hodge) and for Birmingham, Hodge Hill (Liam Byrne), my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) —to help change the Bill for the better.
We are discussing failure to prevent, together with the identification of doctoring.
The Government are taking world-leading measures—I think this is the first time that a major economy such as ours has implemented them—which we should be proud we are implementing through the Bill.
Of course, if the elected Chamber expresses its strong will on these remaining issues for the third time, I very much hope that the other place will agree that now is the time for it to accept that position.
I think we would all rather have what we have done than see all this good work being in vain by letting the legislation fall.
Let me discuss the two issues in turn.
I will keep my remarks brief as the arguments remain the same as on the preceding two times we have discussed them.
I will first address Lords amendments 151E and 151F on the “failure to prevent” threshold.
I will also address amendment (a), tabled last night by the right hon.
Member for Barking, on a Government review of the threshold.
While my noble Friend Lord Garnier’s amendment has moved closer yet again to the Government’s position by exempting micro-entities and small organisations from the offence, I am afraid that the Government will not support the lowering of the threshold at this time.
Let me repeat the reasons why.
It is already an offence to perpetrate fraud.
The objective of the new offence is to ensure that there is accountability where fraud occurs in large organisations.
There is simply no need to apply any such offence to smaller organisations.
Every time such an offence is introduced, business owners end up distracted from running their businesses by taking time to reassess their compliance risks, which  often involves taking professional advice.
We assess that the revised threshold proposed by Lord Garnier would cost medium-sized enterprises £300 million in one-off costs and nearly £40 million in annual recurring costs.
We should be making it easier for businesses to operate in the UK and only imposing additional regulatory burdens when absolutely necessary.
The Government completely reject the notion of using such an offence simply to raise awareness among business owners of the seriousness of the problem of fraud.
There would be other, more proportionate ways to do that if necessary.
In response to the amendment tabled by the right hon.
Member for Barking, the Government have already future-proofed the Bill by including a delegated power to allow the Government to raise, lower or remove the threshold altogether.
Of course, as with all legislation, the Government will keep the threshold under review.
I make a personal commitment to do that and to make changes if evidence suggests that they are required.
I do not think that a Government review is necessary for that to take place, so I ask the right hon.
Member not to move her amendment.
We must bear in mind that a review does not guarantee change anyway.
What guarantees change is having the right people at the Dispatch Box making changes, whether those are people from her party or my party, and both parties are equally exercised by these concerns.
I urge all right hon.
and hon.
Members to support the Government motion to disagree with the Lords amendments to ensure that we take a proportionate approach and do not impose unnecessary measures on legitimate businesses that would curb our economic growth.
I turn to Lords amendment 161D, tabled by Lord Faulks, on cost protection in civil recovery cases.