Most such properties, if not all, will be easily identified by their status regarding payment of council tax or business rates.
A provisional list can be easily created which then should be published.
Additionally, all local authorities have district councillors, who should know their wards intimately—Conservative councillors do; that I do know.
It seems to me that each councillor could easily provide the council with the details and addresses of buildings they believe are an eyesore in their locality, and they should be put on a provisional list.
I would not expect there to be many that were not in that list.
Those properties would then be visited by council officers to establish the condition.
The properties on the provisional list would then be classified as derelict and the owner given 28 days’ notice of the intention to give that classification to the property.
Any owner would have the right to object, providing reasons in writing.
These objections could then be reviewed.
The local authority could then either withdraw the classification or confirm it.
So why is such a list of any value to us?
The advantages are numerous.
It would enable us first to know the scale of the problem.
It would provide an incentive to all  areas to see that list reduce, rather than increase.
Should the buildings be left as they are, be improved or be demolished?
These are questions that will arise, and the right answers may be different across the board.
Should improvement works be exempt from VAT?
Should compulsory purchase orders be made?
Should owners be required to carry out improvements or demolition?
Should they be persuaded to address that by carrot or stick, or indeed by both?
Many such questions arise.
The Bill does not attempt to answer them.
It would, however, enable us for the first time to understand the scale of the problem faced by every part of this wonderful country.
I want to ensure that our cities, towns and villages are not blighted.
Derelict buildings are a blight—there is no doubt about that.
Let us identify the scale of the problem.
Let us learn from the wisdom of Albert Einstein.
Let us think about the problem.
The Bill would enable us to do exactly that.
Then, and only then, shall we find the solutions and return all our towns and cities to their former glory.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered,
That Nick Fletcher, Dr Liam Fox, Antony Higginbotham, Mark Eastwood, Damien Moore, Paul Bristow, Brendan Clarke-Smith, Mark Jenkinson, Danny Kruger, Lia Nici, Alexander Stafford and Miriam Cates present the Bill.
Nick Fletcher accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 24 November , and to be printed (Bill 378).
Consideration of Lords message
I beg to move,
That this House insists on its amendment 151A and disagrees with the Lords in their amendments 151E and 151F.
With this it will be convenient to discuss amendment (a), and the following motion:
That this House insists on its Amendment 161A in lieu and disagrees with the Lords in their Amendment 161D in lieu.
I am pleased to bring this important Bill back to the House this afternoon, for what I sincerely hope is the last time, given that this will be the third time we have debated and voted on similar issues.
I urge Opposition Front-Bench Members and those in the other place not to risk the safe passage of this hugely significant, near-400 page Bill by continuing to press these amendments.
The Government have appreciated the input of right hon.
and hon.
Members from both sides of the House—including the right hon.
Members for Barking (Dame Margaret Hodge) and for Birmingham, Hodge Hill (Liam Byrne), my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) —to help change the Bill for the better.