I have given the Minister notice that I would raise this issue.
Despite the Minister’s having given multiple statements to the House this year on the housing of our Afghan friends, my Front-Bench colleagues and I are unable to table written questions to the Cabinet Office, which instead are being reallocated to either the Home Office or the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities.
The Table Office staff are great, but I think a bit of parliamentary plumbing needs to be put in place to make sure that effective scrutiny via written question of the Minister leading this area is possible.
Please could you advise how I can ensure that the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs can be successfully scrutinised by written parliamentary question for the area he leads on in Government?
I am concerned by what the hon.
Member has raised and grateful to him for giving me notice of his point of order.
He will know that the Table Office is guided by Government Departments about the matter of which Ministers respond to questions and on policy areas.
I will look into the matter; I take it very seriously and I am very concerned.
We all know that the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs is very concerned about veterans, so I am sure he will be disappointed to know that those questions are not reaching him.
I will investigate.
The Leader of the House is here, and I am sure that she will assist me.
I am sure that we can work together, because no Member should be unable to lay questions to the Minister.
Ministers are answerable to this House.
All Members, from whatever party, should have that ability.
I am very disappointed by what I have been told.
We will get to the bottom of it.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No.
23 )12.41 pm
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to require local authorities to publish a register of derelict buildings in their area; to make provision in respect of the preparation and maintenance of such registers; and for connected purposes.
My home town, now my home city, is a place I am very proud of.
Doncaster has many wonderful assets and the people are the best in the land.
However, although 95-plus per cent.
of it is great, some parts are not so.
The Bill will make a real difference to that.
Derelict buildings are a problem.
They blight our cities, towns and villages.
This place has provided local authorities with powers to tackle derelict buildings.
Sadly though, those powers are not being used as we intended.
The Bill will provide an incentive to local authorities to do their duty and exercise their powers for the community as Parliament intended.
It will start to address their dereliction of duty.
We do not even know exactly how many derelict sites there are or precisely where they are.
How can we as a society tackle the problem of derelict buildings until we truly know the scale of the problem?
It is a problem of real significance.
As I come home on the train to Doncaster from Parliament on a Thursday evening, the first listed building I see is Denison House by the railway station.
The windows are smashed, weeds are growing out of the guttering and there is general neglect—derelict.
I walk through the station and see the Grand theatre, another listed building—derelict, again.
I walk through town past Waterdale—derelict.
I pass by the new expensive and shiny but half-empty council building, and on South Parade I see another Denison House—also listed, and also derelict.
This is the former home of Sir Edmund Beckett-Denison, the man who in 1848 brought the railways to Doncaster.
That building of his is now an eyesore—derelict, again.
As I drive to the towns and villages across my constituency, I pass Tyram Hall—derelict.