Let me say to the hon.
Lady that as someone who was hospitalised after being attacked because of my sexuality, I know how difficult that is.
It is not just the attack that is painful but what is left afterwards.
I will continue to raise each of these issues, but I want to make this point.
I keep hearing that we do not care about LGBT issues.
It was this Government who introduced  same-sex marriage, and it was this Government who introduced it in Northern Ireland.
It was this Government who introduced Turing’s law in 2017.
We have modernised gender recognition certificates and made them affordable.
We have removed self-funding for fertility treatment for same sex-couples, lifted the ban on blood donation, and tackled LGBT-related bullying in schools.
We have apologised for the way in which LGBT people were treated in the armed forces, and we have provided funding to ensure that LGBT rights across the Commonwealth are protected.
The Minister for Women and Equalities was asked—
What steps the Government is taking to protect single-sex spaces.
We are committed to maintaining the safeguards that allow organisations to provide single-sex services.
The Equality Act 2010 sets out that providers have the right to restrict use of services on the basis of sex where there is justified and proportionate reason.
A number of Members of the House have relatives or family members who are trans, and we will all have constituents who are members of the trans community.
Does the Minister agree that trans people need safe spaces, too?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the tone in which the debate should take place.
Just a few weeks ago, we had a debate in Westminster Hall where I absolutely made that point.
This is not about pitting women against the trans community.
Gender reassignment is a protected characteristic under the Equality Act, but it is important that biological women have the ability to access single-sex spaces, too.
What steps the Government are taking to help increase the participation of minority ethnic groups in the democratic process.
Whether she has had discussions with stakeholders on improving the diversity of parliamentary candidates.
The Government have worked hard to remove any material obstacles to democratic participation for all eligible groups.
Registering to vote is quick and easy, taking as little as five minutes.
Any elector without an  accepted form of photographic identification can apply for a voter authority certificate from their local authority free of charge, or alternatively they could vote by post or proxy.
I have a thriving British-Albanian community in my Chipping Barnet constituency, making a really positive contribution to our culture and economy.
What more can the Government do to encourage them to be involved in campaigning at elections, voting in elections and standing as candidates in elections?
I welcome my right hon.
Friend’s efforts in ensuring that everyone participates in the democratic process.
I agree with her, but it is ultimately for local registration teams to ensure as best they can that all eligible electors in their area are correctly registered to vote.
We want to ensure that all parts of the UK are equally represented in politics and the democratic system where they are eligible.
With almost a quarter of the UK’s population registered as disabled, does the Minister agree that all political parties need to try harder in the run-up to the next general election in selecting a diverse group of candidates, with perhaps slightly less emphasis on nepotism and more on the representation of ordinary voters, including those from all ethnic minority backgrounds?
The hon.
Lady asks an excellent question, and I thank her for all the work she does campaigning for women’s rights.
She has been at the vanguard of some contentious issues.
She is quite right to raise candidate selection.