and hon.
Members to support the Government motion to disagree with the Lords amendments to ensure that we take a proportionate approach and do not impose unnecessary measures on legitimate businesses that would curb our economic growth.
I turn to Lords amendment 161D, tabled by Lord Faulks, on cost protection in civil recovery cases.
The Government remain of the view that such an amendment would be a significant departure from a fundamental principle of justice—that the loser pays—and therefore not something that should be rushed into without careful consideration.
Furthermore, as I set out when we last debated this issue, we have seen no clear evidence that the amendment would increase the number of cases taken on by law enforcement.
However, that is not to say that such an amendment is necessarily a bad idea.
That is why we previously added to the Bill a statutory commitment to review the payment of costs in civil recovery cases in England and Wales by enforcement authorities, to publish a report on the findings and to lay that before Parliament within 12 months.
With regard to civil costs reform in England and Wales, the Government would normally look to consult appropriate consultees, including the senior judiciary, the Law Society and the Bar Council.
Enacting the reform now without a full review would not allow judges and relevant organisations, or indeed their counterparts in Northern Ireland and Scotland, to comment on how it would be read and applied in practice.
We therefore feel it would be irresponsible for us to rush into making such a significant change at the end of a Bill’s passage without full consideration by Government and further scrutiny by Parliament.
I very much hope that all right hon.
and hon.
Members will agree that that is the responsible approach to take and therefore support the Government’s position.
The Minister said clearly that there has been consultation with Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Will he indicate who those discussions have taken place with?
Was it banks, or the Departments looking after matters in the absence of a functioning Northern Ireland Assembly?
I am keen to know who does the work to ensure that there is accountability for everyone.
That is a good point.
There are clearly different legal jurisdictions in Northern Ireland and Scotland, with of course the Court of Session in Scotland.
From a legal perspective, the counsel in those jurisdictions are the people who discuss this.
In wider issues such as failure to prevent, banks and many other stakeholders have people who will consult during the process.
I am happy to keep up the conversation with the hon.
Gentleman.
The reason I asked the question is quite specific, although it might not necessarily relate to the issue directly.
The Minister refers to banks.
A number of local organisations and community groups back home, which are registered and constituted as community institutions, have had their bank accounts closed.
Banks have closed their accounts down because they say they are non-profitable.
Is it right that banks should be able to do that?
I know the Minister understands the matter—
Order.
Can I just help a little bit?
The hon.
Gentleman is very good, but his intervention is very long.
Why does he not put down to speak?
It might be easier.
I have to get other people in as well.
The hon.
Gentleman raises a very important issue relating to the concerns about de-banking that we have across the economy.
The Economic Secretary to the Treasury, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Arundel and South Downs (Andrew Griffith)  is looking at it, as is the Treasury.
In future, it is our intention to ensure that when banks close accounts they give a valid reason why, rather than closing them summarily.
He is absolutely right to raise the point and I am very happy to engage with him on it, because it affects businesses as well as community groups.