I want to turn to the amendment from the noble Lord Faulks, on cost protections in civil recovery cases.
The amendment gives more discretion to court judges to alter the allocation of legal costs to ensure that extortionate legal fees are not a hindrance to justice.
The spirit of the amendment is that it will help to prevent criminals benefiting from the proceeds of crimes, here or around the world.
When it comes to cases where enforcement agencies are trying to prosecute high-level, large-scale economic crime, cost orders remain a serious barrier.
I know that first-hand from evidence we received when I served on the Treasury Committee, where we conducted two inquiries on these issues.
Our enforcement agencies need strong backing if they are to take on fraud, money laundering and other types of economic crime on the largest scale.
Right now, the Government should be on the side of our agencies, rather than tying their hands behind their backs.
The amendment would  ensure that criminals, cronies and kleptocrats are not given cover by leaving the back door open for them to spend their way out of justice.
That cannot be right.
It would ensure that the size of their bank accounts and assets does not give them a guaranteed get out of jail free card just because they can afford to meet any expenses required to support their case.
The Minister knows that this is a problem; he has heard evidence of it.
He knows that it is a serious issue that needs to be addressed.
It has been disappointing to observe the Government’s lack of willingness to protect our law enforcement.
It seems reasonable that a court could have discretion on how to allocate costs, especially when we know of previous cases, one of which resulted in a family’s seeking costs amounting to a staggering £1.5 million.
That represents 40% of the National Crime Agency’s annual budget between 2015 and 2018.
The Bill is almost over the line, and I acknowledge that there have been some improvements, but we could do a great deal more.
We have welcomed the Bill and we welcome the Lords amendments, so we are disappointed that the Government continue to fail to support them.
We would be in a much better place if there were a compromise.
The “failure to prevent” offence is a case in point.
For years we have been calling for a replication of the successes of the Bribery Act 2010.
Sadly, our capital city has been nicknamed “Londongrad”, and is now considered to be a capital where money laundering and fraud are rife.
That means that we must do more to tackle these issues, but the Bill provides only part of the solution.
The present circumstances require much more radical action than the timidity that we have witnessed both today and in the last Session.
It is saddening that the Government have missed such an important opportunity.
We will continue to hold their feet to the fire, but given the lack of compromise, it will be for the next Government—the next Labour Government, I hope—to pick up the pieces and toughen up our response in order to end the corrosive impact of dirty money in our country.
rose—
Order.
Before I call the next speaker, let me point out—it may not be obvious—that we only have until 1.51 pm to complete this business.
I therefore appeal for brevity.
I am not going to impose a time limit, because given that everyone present is a distinguished and experienced Member, we should not need one.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I just want to be clear about this.
I assume that we can speak until 1.51 pm, and vote after that.
Is that correct?
It is.
Let me say for the purpose of clarity that the right hon.
Lady is absolutely correct.