This is the former home of Sir Edmund Beckett-Denison, the man who in 1848 brought the railways to Doncaster.
That building of his is now an eyesore—derelict, again.
As I drive to the towns and villages across my constituency, I pass Tyram Hall—derelict.
I keep on driving into Thorne to view the works to reopen the leisure centre, and I drive by Haynes House—derelict.
I pass Thorne brewery—derelict.
I have a Secretary of State visit Doncaster, and I take him to Edlington’s leisure centre—derelict.
Prince’s Crescent—many properties there are also derelict.
The list goes on and on.
Why is this so?
It is because there is no register, no personal responsibility and no example set by Labour-controlled City of Doncaster Council; the powers they hold are not being exercised.
Labour’s care for our city is seemingly as derelict as the properties I have described.
We cannot let this state of affairs continue; if we do, all we shall see is further deterioration and more derelict buildings.
It drags us all down to their level—levelling down, not levelling up.
My Bill would ensure that all derelict buildings are identified.
It would answer three questions: first, what is the definition of a derelict building; secondly, who will create and maintain the list; and thirdly, how will it be accessible to the public?
Albert Einstein is reputed to have said this about solving problems:
“If I had an hour to solve a problem, I’d spend 55 minutes thinking about the problem and five minutes thinking about solutions.”
I have given this considerable thought, and it seems to me that the first step must be to have a register of derelict buildings.
The obvious body well placed for this exercise would be the local authority.
Local authorities already have the necessary infrastructure and resources.
They have a list of all the empty buildings already.
They maintain records for council tax and business rates for properties, including those that are exempt.
They will accordingly have a list of all buildings and structures within their area of jurisdiction, within their boundaries.
It is important to note that their departments for planning and building control, as well as for council tax and business rates, will have records that can be cross-referenced.
Not only are local authorities an obvious candidate, but they are the ones best placed.
There is no need to set up a quango, no need to spend enormous sums of taxpayers’ money and, as we have seen, local authorities already have the infrastructure and the records.
It would merely be a question of identifying which of the empty buildings are derelict.
They all have websites with information accessible by the public.
The small steps required of them by the Bill would not incur substantial additional expenditure.
Ongoing maintenance of the records would not require much time, effort or expense either.
My Bill will be the first step on this journey to addressing the blight of derelict buildings in our communities.
This is the first step to the solution.
By passing a law requiring all local authorities to identify derelict buildings in their area, we can start to make progress.
Let me start with the definitions.
A derelict site is defined in my Bill as a site that has a structure or structures upon the land that are ruinous, derelict or in dangerous condition.
The next step is to identify the derelict buildings and properties.
Council officers would first check their existing records for empty properties.
Most such properties, if not all, will be easily identified by their status regarding payment of council tax or business rates.
A provisional list can be easily created which then should be published.
Additionally, all local authorities have district councillors, who should know their wards intimately—Conservative councillors do; that I do know.