My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise the concerns of his constituents.
The Environment Agency’s criminal investigation is ongoing so, as I hope he understands, I cannot comment further on it.
However, with regard to his concerns about the measurement inaccuracies, I have been assured—and have checked—that the Environment Agency is working swiftly to understand the scale of the problem.
The  Environment Secretary is monitoring the situation, and I have asked her to keep my hon.
Friend updated regularly.
A few short months ago, the world came to Belfast to celebrate the Good Friday agreement.
At the heart of that agreement was the realisation that we could not use violence as a tool for revenge or to achieve our political aims.
As 1,400 Israelis and almost 6,000 Palestinians lay dying or dead, when will the Prime Minister say enough is enough?
When will he call for a ceasefire?
When will he tell Israel to stop meting out collective punishment to the people of Gaza, and when will he and other world leaders insist on a political solution that involves a Palestinian state for the Palestinian people?
As I said, an important principle is that Israel does have the right to defend itself under international law, to ensure that attacks like this one—which was brutal and horrific for its citizens—cannot happen again.
We continue to support that position, but, as I said, from the start we have also wanted to ensure that humanitarian aid can go in and hostages and foreign nationals can come out.
We recognise that that means there has to be a safer environment, which of course necessitates specific pauses, as distinct from a ceasefire.
We discussed exactly this with our international partners yesterday at the United Nations and will continue to do so.
As I made clear on Monday, we have doubled down on our efforts to find a better future for the Palestinian people.
That has been a feature of all our diplomacy in the region, and we will continue to give all our efforts to making that happen.
For too long, Bradford Council has failed to represent the best interests of my constituents, whether in its catastrophic failures on children’s services, its inability to invest our own council tax back into Keighley and Ilkley, or its refusal to instigate a review into child sexual exploitation across the Bradford district.
Local residents and I are fed up of being ignored by Bradford Council, and we want out.
Will the Prime Minister meet me to discuss my case for leaving Bradford Council and creating our own unitary authority that better represents Keighley and Ilkley, putting our priorities first?
I know my hon.
Friend is a passionate campaigner on this issue, having even introduced a private Member’s Bill on it earlier this year.
I agree that his council should be working to ensure that it delivers good services for all its residents, including his constituents, and I will certainly arrange for the relevant Minister to discuss his concerns further with him.
As my hon.
Friend did not do so, maybe I can plug his event this afternoon in the Jubilee Room—a Keighley and Ilkley showcase.
Perhaps the Minister can come to that event and discuss it in person then.
Just a year ago, the new Prime Minister promised to unite our country, not with words but with actions.
Quite rightly, voters make a judgment on actions, but in my constituency—as in many others—the Prime Minister has not delivered on his promises.
Arbroath House in Easington Colliery is a GP practice without the funding  to deliver basic community health services.
Communities such as Shotton, South Hetton, Haswell and Horden lack the police officers to tackle crime and antisocial behaviour.
We see sewage being dumped on our coastline at Seaham and Blackhall without prosecution of the privatised water companies, and we see investment for levelling up blocked for Horden.