What more can my hon.
Friend do to promote STEM apprenticeships for the 16 to 18-year-olds who may not want to pursue the university route?
My hon.
Friend is a shining example of how women can lead in the STEM sector, with her own experience in clinical care before she came to this place.
We are trying to drive forward apprenticeships, particularly in STEM subjects.
Since May 2010, over 5 million apprenticeship starts have happened and our apprenticeship diversity champions are helping those aged 16 and over to get into apprenticeships, particularly in STEM subjects.
Organisations such as UCAS and Young Women’s Trust are also doing that specific work.
The Scottish Government have a number of ambitions to address the lack of women in STEM occupations  and settings such as schools.
Those ambitions start early.
The gender pay gap action plan examines how schools have a key role in helping young women make transitions into broader occupations, as well as setting out measures that address occupation segregation, leading to more women accessing STEM careers.
What are the Government doing to provide that kind of support?
One key route is through apprenticeships.
For many young women, being able to earn while you learn and getting that work experience is vital for them to progress through the STEM sector.
We have 22,000 degree apprenticeships and seven masters degree apprenticeships.
That is an increase of 14%.
In STEM subjects in particular, we have 360 employer design apprenticeships, including level 3 cyber-security, level 4 software development and level 6 civil engineering.
We believe apprenticeships are the way forward to drive more women into STEM areas.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
In Northern Ireland, women are under-represented in STEM industries.
Only 15% of women in Northern Ireland study core STEM subjects, compared to 36% of men.
That is a clear anomaly that needs to be addressed.
May I encourage the Minister to use her office to engage with the Department for the Economy to encourage more uptake in university STEM subjects?
Women can do the job every bit as well as a man given that opportunity.
I thank the hon.
Member for that question.
That goes to the point raised by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Banff and Buchan (David Duguid) .
We need a UK approach.
Across the Government, whether in the Department for Work and Pensions or the Department for Education, we focus on trying to improve all avenues for those, particularly women, who want to go into STEM areas.
What steps she is taking to help improve the lives of LGBT people.
The UK has a proud history of LGBT rights, and one of the world’s most comprehensive and robust legislative protection frameworks for LGBT people.
We have taken great strides as a country over the last couple of decades and it is my job to continue that journey.
The Minister is absolutely right: great things have been done for LGBT+ people in the last 13 years, including blood donation changes, the PrEP—pre-exposure prophylaxis—roll-out, and of course same-sex marriage.
However, hate crime against LGBT+ people is on the up, conversion therapy still has not been banned and the UK has slipped down the ranking for LGBT+ equality.
I know that this Minister takes these issues incredibly seriously, but how can he assure me that the Government take them seriously and that they will tackle them as a matter of urgency?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the issue of all forms of anti-LGBT hate crimes.
They are utterly unacceptable, and we have a robust legislative framework to respond to that.
I met representatives of  the Metropolitan police and other stakeholders just last week to ensure that everything possible was being done to crack down on such crimes.
There will be further questions later about conversion practices, and we are considering all those issues.
This is a complex area of work, but I give my hon.