This is not a matter for the Department for Work and Pensions, but I am sure that it will have been heard.
My hon.
Friend will be aware that funds are made available to get disabled people into employment via Access to Work.
However, there are significant delays in those funds being made available, once granted.
Additional costs to disabled people—for example, their paying £6,000 for powered wheels—come at more of a cost when they are obliged to pay for them on their credit card because they cannot access the funds in time.
Will she please work with colleagues across the DWP to ensure that there are no delays in getting access to the funds that will help disabled people into work?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her point, which gives me the opportunity to say that from next Tuesday an additional £300 will be paid in cost of living payments to those who are eligible.
Regarding access to work, there is a continuing focus on improving waiting times for customers and we are streamlining and digitising the process.
Indeed, I spoke to the Minister  for Disabled People this week on exactly this matter in relation to one of my own constituents, and I will see that he hears it again from my right hon.
Friend.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
As the Minister for Women and Equalities, it would be remiss of me not to reflect on the way religious communities in the UK have been impacted by the terrible events in the middle east.
All our citizens have a right to feel secure and at peace in Britain.
One of the reasons we have been able to integrate people from all over the world is an unwritten rule that people with roots elsewhere do not play out foreign conflicts on the streets of this country.
We owe a duty of care and civility to our neighbours, whatever their ethnicity, religion or background.
All of us are free to practise our faiths and celebrate our cultures, but we must do so in a positive way, consistent with fundamental values that are the bedrock of Britain.
I am afraid to say that in recent days we have seen that social contract being breached.
In particular, I believe that the hostility directed towards our Jewish communities, the calls for jihad, the ostentatious indifference to the victims of terrorism, the aggressive chanting by mobs brandishing placards of hate, and the odious people ripping down posters of missing children do not reflect our values as a nation.
We must all stand firm on the boundaries of acceptable behaviour, particularly in the public space that we all share.
That is why today I am reminding public sector organisations that they have a legal obligation, as part of the equality duty, to consider how they contribute to the advancement of good relations in communities as they deliver public services.
Where organisations are having difficulty doing that, I urge them to write to me as soon as possible for advice on how they can fulfil their legal obligations.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for that answer.
There should be no place for hatred in our communities.
As a woman in her 50s—[Hon.
Members: “No!”]—I know how challenging the menopause can be, especially when you have a busy job.
What support is there for working women with the menopause?
I hope that my right hon.
Friend feels that she is supported by all of her colleagues.
I am delighted to let her know that there will be a full debate on menopause tomorrow, led by the Minister for Social Mobility.
I am proud of the great strides that Helen Tomlinson has made since her appointment as the Department for Work and Pensions menopause employment champion.
The report “No Time to Step Back” details this progress and looks forward to the next six months, including the sector-specific workshops.