It is an honour to be elected to this place, and the standards by which we are expected to abide matter.
Does the Prime Minister therefore accept that it was ill-judged for him to fail to declare to Parliament that companies linked to his wife had benefited to the tune of £2 billion from a fund he had set up as Chancellor?
Will he correct the record now?
It is worth bearing in mind that Labour Front Benchers backed the Future Fund when it was introduced—indeed, they were calling for more funding for it, not less.
The House will be aware of my wife’s shareholdings in various British start-ups.
That is her career.
Those are on the record, and I am happy to put that on the record again.
It is worth bearing in mind that the Future Fund helped more than 1,200 different companies.
Neither the Government nor the British Business Bank chose any of those specific investments; it was open to any British firm that met the criteria.
The UK is at risk of being left behind on hydrogen internal combustion engines.
The EU and the USA now recognise hydrogen combustion engines as zero-emission and are supporting those industries, as all viable zero-carbon technologies will be needed—particularly for our HGVs, according to the Renewable Hydrogen Alliance.
I am working with BorgWarner, PHINIA and many MPs on HICE, because this issue is crucial for UK jobs, skills and manufacturing.
Will my right hon.
Friend commit to urgently extending the scope of the automotive transformation fund industrialisation grants to include hydrogen engines, so that we win the HICE race?
The Government are determined to ensure that the UK remains one of the best locations in the world for automotive manufacturing.
Hydrogen fuel cells and their upstream supply chains are already  in the scope of the ATF, and support for the fund has enabled Johnson Matthey’s £60 million investment in Hertfordshire to develop hydrogen technologies.
I am told by the Secretary of State for Business and Trade that the Department for Business and Trade is continuing to look at the future possibilities for renewable hydrogen and will consider the fund’s eligibility in light of the new developments in this space.
There is an email in my inbox from a constituent who has family in Gaza.
It reads:
“My heart can’t handle this anymore.
We are being massacred, relentlessly bombed.
Homes destroyed.
No water, no food, no electricity.”
Save the Children reports that one child is killed every 15 minutes.
As I speak, the lives of 130 babies in incubators are in danger if fuel does not reach their hospital in time.
This is collective punishment of the Palestinian people in Gaza, for crimes they did not commit.
How many more innocent Palestinians must die before the Prime Minister calls for a humanitarian ceasefire?
I welcome the unity across the House on Israel’s right to defend itself in the face of an unspeakable act of terror, but it is also clear that we must support the Palestinian people; they are victims of Hamas, too.
Hamas use innocent people as human shields, and we mourn the loss of every innocent life of every people, every faith and every nationality.
We are working as hard as we can to get as much humanitarian aid into Gaza as quickly as practically possible.
Last week, Suffolk experienced its worst local floods for over 100 years, with communities in and around Needham Market, Framlingham, Debenham and Wickham Market particularly badly affected.
Homes and businesses have been destroyed.
In Suffolk, the community has rallied together, in a very stoic and pragmatic way, to support those in need at this very difficult time.
What longer-term support can the Prime Minister offer to the people of Suffolk whose businesses and homes have been affected by these floods, to help them to recover and rebuild?