I call Dame Margaret Hodge.
I beg your pardon; I call Alison Thewliss.
I knew that when you referred to us all as distinguished and experienced Members you did not mean me, Madam Deputy Speaker.
This is the third time we have been back here, and I think it incumbent on the Government to listen to the Lords.
They have made it clear that they feel strongly about their very reasonable amendments, which shows how important they are and how we should be getting this right.
There is no question that, as the Minister suggested, we are going to let the Bill fall today.
I think that if he were worried about that he would accept the Lords amendments this afternoon, rather than allowing the process to go on and on.
We did not need to be here at the last minute; he could have accepted many of the amendments at a much earlier stage, because fundamentally he agrees with them.
We know that, because he said it on many occasions before he took ministerial office.
I think that a great deal can be done if the Minister will make that compromise this afternoon.
The notion that 99.5% of businesses can be exempted from the “failure to prevent” offence is absolutely mad.
Small businesses are both part of and victims of economic crime.
Some figures from UK Finance arrived in our inboxes earlier today.
According to its findings, criminals stole £580 million through unauthorised and authorised fraud in just the first half of 2023.
UK Finance says that that is a 2% decrease, but it is still a significant amount of money.
Businesses as well as individuals are losing out, and the Government should be paying more attention to that.
The Minister described “failure to prevent” as a distraction for business.
I wonder if he also thinks, for consistency’s sake, that the “failure to prevent bribery” offence in the Bribery Act 2010 and the “failure to prevent tax evasion” offence in the Criminal Finances Act 2017 are distractions for business.
If he thinks that “failure to prevent” economic crime is a distraction for business, he must surely think that those other offences are also an unnecessary bit of bureaucracy that businesses have to carry out.
It does not make any sense.
I fully support the level playing field for cost protections.
We must give our enforcement agencies both the tools and money to do their job.
No enforcement agency should be thinking, “We cannot afford to take on this case.
We cannot afford to prosecute these economic criminals.”
The Government should be supporting law enforcement, allowing this Lords amendment to go through, and ensuring that we make the best possible legislation.
There is no excuse for the Government not to do these things.
The Government agree with them, and we in the House agree with them on a cross-party basis.
The Government should get on with it, and not return the Bill to the Lords.
I will certainly remember your exhortation to brevity, Madam Deputy Speaker.
As you know, that is something of a challenge for me at the best of times.
No, no.
I think my right hon.
Friend may suffer from the same affliction, dare I say; but I will draw a veil of charity over that.
My hon.
Friend—and my friend—the Minister has campaigned assiduously with us in the trenches on this issue for many years.
I yield to none in my admiration for him, and I want to put on record how grateful I am that he is in this place, in that spot, doing the job that he is doing.
We have come a long way.
I well remember being on the Parliamentary Business and Legislation Committee giving authorisation for this Bill in the first place, and knowing then that it would require heavy amendment during its course.