Homes and businesses have been destroyed.
In Suffolk, the community has rallied together, in a very stoic and pragmatic way, to support those in need at this very difficult time.
What longer-term support can the Prime Minister offer to the people of Suffolk whose businesses and homes have been affected by these floods, to help them to recover and rebuild?
Flooding is a devastating experience, and I extend my sympathies to all those affected, including those in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I am pleased to say that, through the flood recovery framework, we are confirming additional financial support for the most affected households and businesses.
This will include a £500 grant for households and council tax discounts and business rates relief of up to 100% for three months.
Small and medium-sized businesses will also be eligible for a £2,500 business recovery grant, and there is a grant of up to £5,000 to make flooded homes more resilient to future flooding.
We recognise the heroic efforts of local councils like my hon.
Friend’s and of emergency responders everywhere who have been working tirelessly in affected areas.
They have our thanks, and we stand ready to consider any requests from councils to support their recovery efforts.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
The House rises tomorrow for 10 days, I believe.
Regrettably and sadly, it may be likely that a ground invasion of Gaza will commence during that period.
This not only has consequences for the Palestinians and the Israelis, but could create turmoil and destabilise the whole middle east.
I appreciate that it is the Government who determine whether or not Parliament is recalled but, in your conversations with the Government, will you advise them that the House should be recalled to debate such a serious issue?
You are absolutely right that it would not be for me under the normal rules, although I recognise the importance of a major escalation and what could happen in the middle east.
You are correct that it would be for the Government—not for me, unfortunately—to recall the House.
I will work through the usual channels to try to ensure that, quite rightly, we look to see what can be done in what would be special circumstances, because obviously the House will have prorogued.
I do not lose sight of what you have said, and I take it on board.
I will work with others behind the scenes to see how we would manage such a situation.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I can assure the House that the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, my office, and other Departments across Whitehall are very aware that this House will want to be kept updated about the ongoing situation.
Many right hon.
and hon.
Members will have constituents directly affected, and we are working with the House of Commons Library to ensure that people are updated about the situation during the recess.
Okay, thank you.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I seek your guidance to understand how we can table written questions about the Government’s policy of evicting Afghans from hotel accommodation—a project run by the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs out of the Cabinet Office.
I have given the Minister notice that I would raise this issue.
Despite the Minister’s having given multiple statements to the House this year on the housing of our Afghan friends, my Front-Bench colleagues and I are unable to table written questions to the Cabinet Office, which instead are being reallocated to either the Home Office or the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities.
The Table Office staff are great, but I think a bit of parliamentary plumbing needs to be put in place to make sure that effective scrutiny via written question of the Minister leading this area is possible.