Lady asks an excellent question, and I thank her for all the work she does campaigning for women’s rights.
She has been at the vanguard of some contentious issues.
She is quite right to raise candidate selection.
All political parties have to make the very best of efforts in ensuring that a meritocracy exists and helping those including disabled people who might need additional assistance in participating through some of the difficult selection processes.
I highlight again how diverse the Conservative party is, and the Cabinet in particular.
That is testament to the fact that meritocracy works.
We hope that others will learn from our example.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Labour party has more women and ethnic minority MPs than the rest of the political parties put together.
We know that that leads to better outcomes for British people, but there is always further to go.
That is why we have committed to enacting section 106 of the Equality Act so that all political parties would be required to be transparent about the diversity of their candidates.
Why will the Government not do the same?
At the end of the day, it is the electorate who decide who gets to represent them.
The hon.
Member might be cherry-picking statistics on which party is the most diverse.
We can do the same and talk about how the Conservatives have had three female Prime Ministers when Labour has not had even a single leader.
If she wants to dive deep down and be granular, we have more black men in our party than in all the other parties combined.
This splitting hairs is not helpful; what we need to do is ensure that the process is as meritocratic as possible.
What steps the Government are taking to help support women in STEM roles.
What steps the Government are taking to help support women in STEM roles.
We have made great progress in increasing the number of girls studying STEM—science, technology, engineering and maths—subjects.
Our challenge now is to do more to get them into STEM jobs.
To support that, we launched a scheme called STEM returners, as one of our programmes to grow the skills of people who have taken a career break.
We have so far had 42 women in our first cohort and 54 have signed up for our second cohort, getting women with experience and skills back into STEM jobs.
While the UK-wide responsibility in areas such as energy and defence among others is reserved to this Parliament, education, skills, universities, colleges and apprenticeships among others are devolved.
What discussions has my hon.
Friend the Minister had with other UK Government Ministers and devolved Administrations to ensure that the opportunity for women to get their STEM education and skills, and to maintain their careers, is maximised across the United Kingdom?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his work, particularly around promoting the energy sector across the United Kingdom.
We are making progress on trying to get women and girls into that vital sector.
One of our Build Back Better campaigns is seeking to inspire women from all walks of life to work in the green energy economy and raise awareness of green education, training and careers.
My colleague the Minister with responsibility for employment and I regularly meet devolved colleagues to discuss how we can have a United Kingdom approach to this issue.
Last week I met a group of life science apprentices, young women and young men, who have taken up some great opportunities with STEM employers.
One issue they raised with me was the lack of information about non-trade apprenticeships when they were considering their career options.
What more can my hon.
Friend do to promote STEM apprenticeships for the 16 to 18-year-olds who may not want to pursue the university route?
My hon.