and learned Gentleman literally asked me a question about the support we are providing for mortgage holders; I gave him the answer to that question and then he read from his script that I had not answered the question.
We are providing significant help for all these people.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman has moved on to housing targets.
Here is the record: 2.5 million additional homes; housing starts double what we inherited from the Labour party; housing supply up 10%; on track to deliver a million new homes; and a record number of first-time buyers.
He brought up his candidates in Tamworth and Mid Beds as we opened this session, and he is now saying he wants to build homes; well, both of those candidates say that they want to block new homes in their constituencies.
Simon Hoare.
rose—
Sorry—Keir Starmer.
Across our country the British people are rolling up their sleeves and getting on with it, doing their best in the face of a punishing cost of living crisis and a Government who have abandoned them—abandoned renters at risk of being kicked out, abandoned mortgage payers struggling to make ends meet, and abandoned people who dream of owning their own house.
The truth is that the Prime Minister’s candidate in Tamworth summed up perfectly just how he and his Tories are treating the British public, so will he just call a general election and give the British public the chance to respond, as they did in Selby, Mid Beds and Tamworth?
They have heard the Government telling them to eff off, and they want the chance to return the compliment.
As we saw with the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s recent decisions on building new houses, politicians like him always take the easy way out, whereas we are getting on with making the right long-term decisions to change this country for the better—on net zero, on High Speed 2, on a smoke-free generation, on education and on energy security.
Contrast that with his leadership: too cautious to say anything and hoping that nobody notices.
Let me tell him: come that general election, the British people will.
I call Simon Hoare.
More!
I said “Hoare,” not “More”.
That is the first time I have been confused with the Leader of the Opposition, Mr Speaker.
There have been many rumours about you.
And of all them are true, Mr Speaker.
Like me, my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister has the honour and privilege of representing a rural constituency.
I am sure that he, like I, occasionally feels a certain degree of frustration that although progress has been made in this area, the rubric of funding formulae for things such as the Environment Agency, local government, the police and education still fails to adequately reflect the difficulties and challenges of delivering public services in rural areas.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor and the wider Government use the opportunities of the autumn statement and the forthcoming Budget to explore those issues further and make the delivery of services better for the Prime Minister’s constituents and mine?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that important issue on behalf of his and my constituents.
It is vital that we have the same high-quality services in rural areas as in our towns and cities.
I am pleased to tell him that we are providing £95 million through the rural services delivery grant to help rural councils achieve exactly that.
We are currently reviewing the police funding formula.
I remember working with him to ensure that the national funding formula for schools takes account of the different characteristics of schools and their pupils.
We will continue to keep all those things under review.
I agree with him entirely: our rural communities must be given the same funding and public services as everyone else in our country.
I call the SNP deputy leader.