We have to make sure that they understand them.
The ONS will be conducting and reporting on  research to explore that issue, and it should publish the results by the end of the year and will monitor them going forward.
Some years ago, the United Nations found that disabled people’s rights were being systematically violated by Conservative Ministers.
Recently, the Equality and Human Rights Commission found that nothing at all had changed.
Is the Minister not ashamed?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising that matter.
The point regarding the EHRC is that it is an independent and public body, but I do not think that any Member comes to this House to erode anybody’s rights whether they are disabled or have a health issue.
I absolutely refute what the hon.
Lady says.
She should look at our actions and our record of the work that we have done around British Sign Language and more widely.
We stand by all constituents whatever their needs.
Just before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I would like to welcome to this Chamber the grandson of Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 25 October.
I know that the sympathies of the whole House are with all those affected by Storm Babet and in particular the friends and families of those who lost their lives.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
I join the Prime Minister in expressing my sympathies to all those affected by the recent storms.
Two million people just cannot be sustained from 20-odd aid lorries.
Utter catastrophe is being unleashed in Gaza.
Does the Prime Minister not now see that only a humanitarian ceasefire can bring about the scale of emergency aid that is needed?
Of course Israel has a right to defend itself in line with international and humanitarian laws, but we must also speak out when those laws are breached.
Surely he agrees that depriving 2 million civilians—a million of them children—of food, water, medicines and fuel is not in accordance with international law.
Will he press Israel to restore the supply of these essentials for the sake of innocent civilians and the future of the entire region?
It is important that we do everything we can to get humanitarian aid to those who need it in Gaza, which is why, on Monday, we announced a doubling of our international aid to the region and why the Development Minister is actively engaged with our partners on the ground to ensure that that aid gets to those people as quickly as possible.
Double child rapist and murderer Colin Pitchfork had yet another parole review hearing only a few weeks ago.
I thank the Justice Secretary for having listened to me and engaging the reconsideration mechanism rule.
I know that the Prime Minister does not have any decision-making role on the independent Parole Board.
It is independent of Government, but it is a wing of the Executive; it is not the judiciary.
Does the Prime Minister agree that, generally, as a point of principle, men—sexual offenders—who rape and brutally murder young women, as Mr Pitchfork did to Dawn Ashworth and Lynda Mann in my constituency, should remain in prison for most of their natural lives?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that the public should be confident that murderers and rapists will be kept behind bars for as long as is necessary to keep the public safe.
That is why we are reforming the parole system.
Our Victims and Prisoners Bill will mean that minimising risk and protecting the public are the sole considerations in Parole Board decisions.