We will continue to keep all those things under review.
I agree with him entirely: our rural communities must be given the same funding and public services as everyone else in our country.
I call the SNP deputy leader.
Yesterday, the UN warned that hospitals in Gaza had just 48 hours of fuel left to keep their electricity going.
That was 28 hours ago; the electricity runs out tonight.
We have a human responsibility to all the people in Gaza, but we have a particular responsibility for UK citizens, some of whom are in those hospitals, with no food, no water, no medicine and no way out.
How much worse does the situation have to get before the Prime Minister will join us in calling for a humanitarian ceasefire?
From the start, we have said that the first and most important principle is that Israel has the right to defend itself under international law—our  support for that position is absolute and unchanged—but we have also said from the start that we want British nationals to be able to leave Gaza, hostages to be released, and humanitarian aid to get in.
We recognise that, for all that to happen, there has to be a safer environment, which of course necessitates specific pauses, as distinct from a ceasefire.
We discussed that with partners yesterday evening at the United Nations, and we have been consistently clear that everything must be done to protect civilians in line with international law and to continue getting more aid flowing into Gaza.
The growing calls for a ceasefire are also about calming the situation in the broader region, especially the west bank.
UNICEF has reported over 2,000 fatalities and over 5,000 injured children since the conflict began, due to unrelenting attacks.
If we ignore that, we risk pouring petrol on a fire in a place that only requires a spark to ignite.
Can the Prime Minister understand that joining calls for a ceasefire is now the best—and maybe the only—way to stop this conflict escalating beyond all control?
We have to remember that Israel has suffered a shockingly brutal terrorist attack.
Hamas are responsible for this conflict, and Israel has the right to protect itself in line with international law, as the UN charter makes clear.
We will continue to urge the Israelis to follow international law, but we also have to remember that Hamas cruelly embed themselves in civilian populations.
We are doing everything we can to get aid into the region.
I am pleased to say that an RAF flight left the UK for Egypt this morning carrying 21 tonnes of aid for Gaza.
The relief supplies include more than 75,000 medical kits, solar lights and water filters for families, and warehousing equipment.
Our team are on the ground, ready to receive.
We will continue to do everything we can to increase the flow of aid, including fuel, into Gaza.
In the matter of Walleys Quarry, my constituents have been utterly let down and failed by the Environment Agency.
Not only has it failed to prosecute a rogue operator for the repeated breaches of its permit; we now learn that for the past seven years, all of its monitoring equipment—including in your constituency, Mr Speaker—has been grossly under-recording levels of hydrogen sulphide by a factor of approximately two or three.
That is the monitoring equipment that people have been relying on to tell them that their air is clean and safe to breathe.
Given everything that has happened, we really need to see some proper action now.
I have had enough of the EA, and my constituents have too, so will the Prime Minister do everything in his power to get a grip on this failing organisation?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise the concerns of his constituents.
The Environment Agency’s criminal investigation is ongoing so, as I hope he understands, I cannot comment further on it.