We are very disappointed that the Government are not willing to compromise and not willing to heed the wise and expert input of the Lords.
That is deeply disappointing, because a great deal could be achieved if the Minister and his Government took note, including from hon.
and learned Members on their own side.
rose—
If the Minister is brief, rather than talking the Bill out like he did last time, I will give way.
I will be very brief.
On the question of compromise, the hon.
Lady will have noticed that there was no “failure to prevent” offence when the legislation was first tabled, nor was there an identification doctrine.
There has been significant compromise on the Government side.
Our preference, clearly, is to move forward in that spirit of compromise.
We have achieved a great deal with the Bill, which has moved from under 300 pages to 400 pages.
I do not think it is right to say that the Government have not compromised.
When the Minister was a Back Bencher, he was a powerful advocate on the very issues we are discussing today.
It is a shame he has been muzzled, but I appreciate that he is in a difficult position.
I hope we can have some comprise, but clearly he has not managed to persuade senior members of his Government.
I ask the Government to once again carefully consider these amendments, so that we can best tackle the problem of fraud and economic crime.
The Minister highlighted all the problems with the amendments, but I want to talk about their strengths.
The noble Lord Garnier’s amendment on “failure to prevent” fraud, which exempts small and micro-enterprises, highlights that the criminal law should be uniform and apply to all in a similar way.
This is not just a small insignificant amendment, but a change that would significantly alter law enforcement.
For context, fraud is the most common crime in the UK, accounting for 41% of all crimes.
Introducing a “failure to prevent” offence would help to deter companies from engaging in or facilitating fraud.
To fully change corporate behaviour, we must ensure that the offence applies to all companies, regardless of size.
As has been stated on many occasions, since the “failure to prevent” bribery covers all companies, there is no reason why this measure should not also cover businesses of all sizes.
It simply creates more discrepancies and confusion for businesses.
The size of a business should not determine who is exempt.
The Government have touted this exemption as a protection for small businesses against unnecessary red tape, but in reality this carve out deprives small and medium-size enterprises of the defence of having put in place reasonable anti-fraud procedures.
Smaller companies will instead be covered only by the fraud offence itself, when large companies would be caught by the lighter “failure to prevent” fraud offence.
The introduction of a new “failure to prevent” offence should apply to all, and the corresponding defence of putting in place reasonable defence procedures should be available to all.
In effect, through this carve out, the Government are creating an uneven playing field that is biased against smaller companies.
The Bill currently leaves large gaps for economic crime to not only persist but flourish, which I know is not the intention of the Minister.
The amendment would have gone a long way to addressing those issues.
I ask him once again to carefully consider the amendment, rather than reject it.
I want to turn to the amendment from the noble Lord Faulks, on cost protections in civil recovery cases.
The amendment gives more discretion to court judges to alter the allocation of legal costs to ensure that extortionate legal fees are not a hindrance to justice.
The spirit of the amendment is that it will help to prevent criminals benefiting from the proceeds of crimes, here or around the world.