a shadow on their military success. Whereas an occupied population has the right under the international law to resist, they have no right to commit war crimes. Still, this time the Palestinians did not fit into the role of victims. To the Israelis it seemed like aggressors who were challenging Israel's very existence.'' The astute Shehadeh is surely aware that Gaza was returned to the Palestinians in 2005 by then Prime Minister Sharon, followed by Hamas's forceful occupation and the cruel toppling of the Palestinian Authority there with no elections since the 2006 Hamas's ``victory''. He regards the Israeli response to the October 7 Nazi-like Hamas's massacres excessive, expecting public Israeli criticism as back in 1982 with the horrific Sabra and Shatila massacres in Lebanon. The author though surely knows that the Christian Phalangists had a decisive hand at that time. Somehow, there is no reference also to Iran's leading role in directing its radical proxies, Hamas, Hezbollah, Houthis and others, to prevent the near peace between Israel and Saudi Arabia with the successful foundation of the Abraham Accords. Also, the author's comparison of Israel to the once South African apartheid state is misleading. I wholeheartedly concur with Shehadeh's following assessment, ``Young Israelis felt secure enough that they planned a rave night on the border with Gaza. But when Hamas broke through Israel's vulnerability and insecurity were exposed. Israelis were traumatized because they realized they couldn't go on with their life in the same way, making the same assumptions about the reality of the state and its security. Unless, that is, they defeated the aggressor.'' I also share the author's own response to his book's title, ``The very high human and material cost of the war in Gaza proves that what Israel fears from Palestine is Palestine's very existence.'' Surely a Hamas controlled Palestinian state is not accepted by Israel for obvious reasons. I do appreciate Shehadeh's optimism concerning the future, ``And yet, looking back at the history of the region it is only after great upheavals that hopeful consequences