On The Israeli-Palestinian Conflict Palestinian award-winning author and lawyer, Raja Shehadeh is co-founder in 1979 of Al-Haq, the Palestinian human rights organization. The Observer loaded him, ``Palestine's greatest prose writer'' and the New York Times Book Review heaps praises as well, ``in his moral clarity and bearing of the heart is self-questioning and assistance on focusing on the experience of the individual within the storms of nationalist myth and hubris, Shehadeh recalls writers such as Ghassan Kanafani and Primo Levi.'' In his latest book with a challenging title, What Does Israel Fear From Palestine? New York: Other Press. 2024, Shehadeh, clearly a Palestinian patriot who was born in 1951 in the West Bank town of Ramallah, offers us a concise packed yet imbalanced perspective on the long and agonizing Palestinian-Israeli conflict that the October 7, 2023, Hamas's vile attack with terrifying Holocaust dimensions, has brought into sharp view with months of fighting and much suffering to both sides. The detail-oriented writer and activist is anchored in the Palestinian saga of loss and grievances going back to the pivotal 1948 victorious Israeli War of Independence which the Palestinians painfully regard as their Nakba (Catastrophe). Touching are the author's reminiscences of growing up in Ramallah with his grandma who was a refugee from Jaffa, ever missing her old home and inculcating in her young grandson an attachment to the family's past. ``For a long time, I was hostage to the memories, perceptions and attitudes of others that I could not abandon. My sense of place was not my own.'' However, following the 1967 War when he was able to visit Jaffa, his family's roots gained a realistic sense of belonging. The close physical proximity was a primary factor. Shehadeh blames the British for the turn of events culminating in the 1948 Arab defeat and the Palestinian debacle, pointing at the 1917 Balfour Declaration as the root cause, stating that the 1922 to 1948 British Mandate was dedicated to fulfilling the earlier declared British commitment toward the Jewish people. I believe that historians would beg to differ, regarding a gradual British shift in the Arabs' favor and manifested in severe limits on Jewish refugees before and after WWII and the Holocaust. Intense Jewish military pressure was created as the British Empire was disintegrating. The author claims that ``what happened in Palestine was the utter dissolution of a nation,'' notwithstanding the acknowledged fact that no such ``nation'' historically existed yet the Israeli Jewish narrative supported by the Bible claims past millennial Jewish life and creativity which is cavalierly dismissed by the author, ``Israel treated the Bible as a historical document and used it to back up the claim that the land had belonged to the Jews from time immemorial, having been promised to them by the Almighty.'' He bemoans the fate of the Palestinian Arabs, about 160,000, who remained in Israel and were ``forced'' to celebrate Israel Independence Day. Admittedly, they were caught in a bind but there is no evidence that they were coerced to celebrate Israel's national festivals. After all they have enjoyed the benefits of becoming Israeli citizens and significant progress of integration was accomplished though challenges remain in a complex scenario with serious security issues. There is evidence of growing Palestinization