I shall ask him a simple question.
It requires only one word: yes or no.
Is he planning to U-turn on winter fuel cuts?
I made it clear in my earlier answer that as the economy improves, we want to take measures that will impact people’s lives, so we will look at the threshold, but that will have to be part of a fiscal event.
The Conservatives lost control of every element of the economy, of prisons, of borders, of the NHS—you name it—and now she has lost control of her party.
The Conservatives are sliding into oblivion.
They will have to trade on their past, because that is all they have.
I made it really easy for the Prime Minister.
It was a simple question—yes or no—and he could not answer it.
I wonder how the public feel about a man who cannot give a straight answer to a simple question.
Look at the MPs behind him—they are all cheering.
When this inevitable U-turn on winter fuel comes, and it will, from a desperate Prime Minister, what will he say to the 348 MPs who went over the top and voted for the winter fuel cut last September?
Just like the British public, how can any of them ever trust him again?
It is only because of the measures that we have taken that the economy is improving, with growth at the highest rate in the G7, four interest rate cuts, and three trade deals, because countries want to trade with us.
Those things are because of the decisions that we have made, and all those decisions were opposed by Conservative Members.
They have learned absolutely nothing and they are going absolutely nowhere.
This is a Prime Minister who says he is taking measures, but the jobs tax is killing jobs, inflation is up, and business confidence is down.
Everyone is worried.
He promised to cut bills, but today we see that they are rising because of his policies.
He promised  not to raise taxes on working people, but his jobs tax means that people are losing their jobs.
Every week, we come here with a new company that says it is shedding jobs, and that is on his watch.
He promised to protect pensioners, but his winter fuel cut has driven thousands into hardship.
His MPs hate this—he cannot see them, but they all look sick just hearing what it he is going to do. [
Interruption.]
They are laughing—[Interruption.]
Order.
I expect better from Whips, and to Boyzone at the back, I have my eye on you.
Mr Speaker—[Interruption.]
Order.
Which one of you wants to leave first? [
Interruption.]
There we are, we have the first volunteer.
Are you going to behave?
I call the Leader of the Opposition to respond.
His MPs are laughing, just as they laughed at the Budget.
Hands up who here wanted winter fuel cuts?
Not a single one of them.
The fact is, this Prime Minister is destroying them.
They need to look at what they are doing to the country.
The truth is, and we all know it, that it is this Prime Minister, this Labour Government and their policies that are shafting the country, is it not?
They look in pretty good form to me, and there are lots of them.
The Leader of the Opposition talks about business confidence.
I did not have time yesterday to read out all the businesses that have come out in support of our EU deal, and I do not have time today—it is a long list.
I went immediately to Lidl and spoke to the staff there.
They are delighted with the deal we put forward yesterday.
Business like the work we are doing, and it is giving them confidence in the EU deal, but the right hon.
Lady is opposed to each and every measure.