Why did the Government drop it, and why have the Government not yet brought forward their own legislation to clear this mess up once and for all?
The Supreme Court judgment was in 2020, and the last Government could not find a legal solution in almost three years.
I am committed to finding one, and I promise that I will update the House when we have found it.
What discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on funding for an addiction treatment centre in Derry, in the context of the New Decade, New Approach agreement, published on 9 January 2020.
With New Decade, New Approach, the UK Government committed to make funding available for a range of projects aimed at supporting community and reconciliation initiatives.
My officials regularly discuss these commitments with their devolved counterparts.
On addiction services, it is now for the Northern Ireland Department of Health to consider how best to use this funding and bring forward a business case to the Government on that basis.
The people of Derry were made a promise during the NDNA negotiations.
I remember, because I negotiated that particular part of it.
They were promised that the Northlands addiction treatment centre would be given £1 million for the development of a brand-new addiction centre.
The Northlands organisation has saved countless lives in Derry, but it has now been told by the Department of Health in Stormont that its core funding has been cut, and that the promised money is not guaranteed.
Does the Minister agree that the Department of Health is in no position to undermine an international agreement?
The hon.
Member is a powerful advocate for his constituents, for the Northlands centre, and for the need for services to tackle the scourge of addictions.
I join him in recognising the need for support for people with addictions, but given that this matter is devolved, it is now up to the Department for Health to present a business plan, based on its review of addiction services, for the services that will provide the best support for the most people.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of economic growth in Northern Ireland.
Economic growth is this Government’s priority, and our industrial strategy is central to that.
It will be published in June, and will support the Executive’s plans for growth.
The latest figures from the Northern Ireland Statistics and Research Agency show that Northern Ireland experienced stronger growth than the United Kingdom as a whole last year.
Northern Ireland has a long and proud history of advanced engineering industries.
What discussions has my right hon.
Friend had with the Ministry of Defence to ensure that companies such as Spirit AeroSystems have access to the Government’s increased investment in defence?
I am sure that my hon.
Friend, and the whole House, welcomes the recently announced increase in defence expenditure.
Northern Ireland has a strong and significant defence sector, and Spirit is part of that.
The Secretary of State for Defence has made it very clear that he wants the increased expenditure to result in more jobs and more orders for British companies.
Economic growth will be supported by physical connectivity.
One example is the new Grand Central station in Belfast, where there is some controversy over Irish language signage.
The Secretary of State has commented that there are
“so many more important things”
in which to be involved, but, setting that view to one side, can he confirm that if there were no Executive at Stormont, he, as Secretary of State, would be in a position to make decisions on that and other equally important issues?
The new Grand Central station is a magnificent piece of infrastructure, and I recommend any Members who have not yet had a chance to visit it to do so.
I am not contemplating for one second that there will not be an Executive in place.