Instability with the Conservatives; stability and growth with this Labour Government.
It is National Epilepsy Week and we are joined in the Public Gallery by England rugby player Tommy Freeman, who was diagnosed with epilepsy at 19 but who, through effective treatment, has gone on to be  selected for the British and Irish Lions.
I hope the Prime Minister will join me in congratulating him on that great achievement.
For a third of epilepsy sufferers, however, seizures cannot be controlled by medication, as in the case of my constituent Ben Lacey, who suffers multiple seizures every single day.
Ben will never be able to work, yet he has been subject to the stress and uncertainty of multiple PIP reassessments.
Will the Prime Minister reaffirm his commitment to ensuring that people such as Ben, who have lifelong conditions and who cannot work, will be protected from those damaging reassessments and given the support they need to live with dignity?
May I begin by congratulating Tommy and everyone selected to represent the British and Irish Lions?
It is an incredible achievement and we will be cheering them on.
It is important that we protect those with severe disabilities or lifelong health conditions who cannot work, paying them a premium and stopping those reassessments, which is part of the reform that we are bringing about.
Ultimately, we also need to get back to face-to-face assessments by trained assessors and health professionals, which fell to only one in 10 assessments under the previous Government.
This Prime Minister keeps telling his gullible Back Benchers that he has deported 24,000 people from this country since he came into power, but he will not say who these people are.
It is my guess that they are people who came on work visas or students and that they were simply overstayers, but I am willing to be proved wrong if he can answer one simple question: how many of these people that he has deported are failed asylum seekers that have come on small boats or on the back of lorries?
Answer the question!
I am very proud that we have removed over 24,000 people: the highest record for nearly 10 years.
We are taking other measures to get back control of our borders, including the Borders Bill, which gives our law enforcement enhanced powers, including terrorism-like powers.
What did the hon.
Member’s party do?
What did he do?
He voted against them, and I will tell you why: they do not want to fix this problem, because it benefits them not to fix it.
Party before country.
It is very good that the hon.
Member is standing in for  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  today.
There was no sign of him yesterday at the EU summit.
He was the first through the e-gates to somewhere in the south of France: Nice work if you can get it!
I welcome the Government’s investment of £680 million into mental health support.
Meanwhile, in Scotland, many children in my constituency are stuck on an NHS Lothian neurodevelopmental waiting list, which only recently has seen patients referred in March 2022.
This delay can lead to poor mental health, with children ending up on a child and adolescent mental health services waiting list too.
How will the Prime Minister work with the devolved Governments to ensure faster diagnosis and greater support, so that no child across these isles grows up on a waiting list?
My hon.
Friend rightly and powerfully raises the broken promises of the Scottish National party on mental health services.
This is important, and we will have positive discussions with the devolved Governments to work on addressing mental health waiting times.
The SNP promised to invest in frontline mental health services, then cut them by £54 million in real terms this year.
With a record settlement in the Budget and two decades in power, the SNP is out of excuses and out of ideas.