Some ICBs are fully funded and supply all medication, some subsidise it and some do not supply it at all.
Evidence shows that there is a disparity between hospices in the more deprived areas not being funded and those in the more affluent areas being funded.
Will the Prime Minister please speak with the Health Secretary as a matter of urgency and get free medication supplied by all ICBs to all hospices across the country?
We have put record amounts into the NHS in the Budget, and we are beginning to see the results of that.
I accept the point that my hon.
Friend makes, and we will look again to ensure that the money is properly used in the most efficient way.
A month ago, I was denied entry into Hong Kong on a private visit.
In the absence of any explanation, this seems to hint at a hidden blacklist aimed to silence any MP from any political party who speaks up against human rights abuses by the Chinese Government.
Does the Prime Minister agree that this is an attack on all of us, and will he personally seek reassurances from the Hong Kong authorities that no British parliamentarian will be denied entry in that way again?
The hon.
Lady’s experience is deeply concerning, and I know it must have affected her.
I think she was hoping to see, and later saw, her grandchild, but it must have impacted on her, and it is deeply concerning—we need to recognise that.
Ministers, including the Foreign Secretary, have raised it on numerous occasions with their counterparts both in China and Hong Kong.
Preventing UK citizens, including Members of Parliament, from entering Hong Kong without justification or for simply expressing their views is completely unacceptable.
It will only undermine Hong Kong’s international reputation and the relationship we have with it, and so we will continue to raise it.
You will know, Mr Speaker, that I have raised on several occasions in the House the case of Alaa Abd el-Fattah, the British-Egyptian human rights campaigner who has been imprisoned in Egypt for many years, and whose mother Laila went on a 100-day hunger strike.
I thank  the Prime Minister for fulfilling his promise to contact President Sisi of Egypt to secure Alaa’s release, but unfortunately, months on, Alaa remains in prison and this week Laila started her hunger strike again.
Could I appeal to the Prime Minister to again speak directly to President Sisi to secure Alaa’s release?
I thank the right hon.
Member for raising this case not just today, but on the many occasions that he has.
It is incredibly important that we do everything we can in this case.
I have met Laila and given her my commitment to do everything I possibly can.
I have had a number of contacts myself, but I will not stop doing everything within my power to secure that release.
Will the Prime Minister join me in welcoming my six-year-old constituent, Teddy, and his mum, Laura, to Prime Minister’s questions?
Teddy is a self-professed eco-warrior, on a mission to change the world.
He started out by saving thousands of plastic chocolate and sweet tubs from landfill, because they are not currently recyclable.
Will the Prime Minister commit to asking the Minister for Local Government and English Devolution to meet Teddy and me to discuss how we can make those tubs recyclable?
Does he agree with me that no matter how small you are, you are never too little to make a big difference?
On behalf of the whole House, I welcome Teddy.
It is incredible that he has done so much already, and he is in the Gallery today.
Many of us struggle for a whole lifetime to make an impact on Government policy, but Teddy is already having an impact aged six.
I will make sure that he gets to speak to the relevant Minister.