Will the Government commit to using the lessons of Mo Mowlam and the Northern Ireland peace process to help secure a lasting peace in the middle east?
I share with the hon.
Member and the whole House a wish to see lasting peace in the middle east, and what is happening at the moment is appalling and intolerable.
However, I think the most important lesson from the Good Friday agreement was the courageous political leadership shown by the parties to the conflict—people such as John Hume and David Trimble—and I have to say that, tragically, that same courageous political leadership is absent in the middle east.
What steps he is taking to support the Northern Ireland Executive in tackling violence against women and girls.
Rates of violence against women and girls are higher in Northern Ireland than anywhere else in the UK.
This Government are committed to working with the Executive to tackle this emergency, and I have met and supported many politicians and organisations across Northern Ireland that are doing just that.
The Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , and I recently met the Northern Ireland TEO—The Executive Office—and Justice Ministers in Belfast to discuss working closely together, including on online safety and support for frontline organisations.
The strategy for tackling violence against women and girls must challenge the attitudes that enable it.
What recent discussions has the Minister had with stakeholders across Northern Ireland to support these campaign efforts?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend about tackling attitudes.
I have met and I am supporting many groups, and I will highlight two that I have visited.
The excellent Foyle Family Justice Centre in Derry/Londonderry supports victims, and the St Joseph’s Boys’ school in Creggan is doing fantastic work, with the support of White Ribbon NI, through the shaping mindsets programme, which tackles toxic masculinity head-on in the school.
I thank the Minister of State for all she does on her visits to encourage people across Northern Ireland, especially women, ladies and young girls.
What we really need in Northern Ireland is legislative change, longer sentences and more people convicted.
What discussions has she had with the Minister responsible for police and justice in Northern Ireland to ensure that, legislatively, we are moving fast to try to stop violence against women and ladies in Northern Ireland?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this issue, and he is absolutely right that what we do needs to be rooted in what happens on the ground.
I met the executive unit working with the police to tackle perpetrators, and they are seeing evidence of that.
The legislation for our jurisdictions can be joined up—that is absolutely right—but what has come across to me on many visits is the need to tackle what happens online.
The Online Safety Act 2023 is now being enacted through Ofcom, which undertook a consultation in Belfast recently on its draft guidance.
It proposes practical steps for online safety, and steps to tackle misogyny, pile-ons, domestic abuse and other harms.
He is absolutely right about what we can do, through our efforts on the ground, if we all work together.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the US-UK economic prosperity deal on Northern Ireland.
The trade deal with the USA, together with the agreements with the EU and India, are very significant.
Northern Ireland exporters, including those exporting services, technology and farming goods, will benefit in the same way as those in other parts of the UK.
In particular, the US deal is a major opportunity for Northern Ireland farmers to sell their high-quality beef to a US market of over 300 million people.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for his answer, but there seem to be wildly different interpretations of what the deal means for Northern Ireland.