rose—
I will give way.
My hon.
Friend is so popular.
I am interested by how he is starting this debate, because it chimes with what I am hearing in my constituency, where venues such as pubs, restaurants and cafes, which are such a vital part of the effort to regenerate our high streets and local community spaces, are seeing their margins slashed because of the cost of labour and the increase in business rates.
Does he agree that Labour’s jobs tax and the ending of business rates relief is putting the regeneration of our town centres and community spaces at risk?
How tragic is it that from Gosport to Gloucester and everywhere between, businesses on our high streets are closing?
This Government do not understand that.
If they do understand, they do not care, and if they care, they have not acted.
The message from this Government to anyone willing to put their capital, time and energy on the line by taking risk to create wealth as a business owner is abundantly clear.
Exactly to that point, is it not a shame that for the first time ever since records began in 2012, the number of new businesses registered at Companies House has fallen?
The exact risk-taking behaviour that we need to grow the economy is not taking place; is that not a damning indictment of what this Government are doing?
My hon.
Friend makes an incredibly important point.
I believe that all of us come to this House to try to do our best and to grow the economy, but any Government faced with that terrible metric about the failure rate and formation rate of businesses would be acting immediately, with haste, and reversing so many of the measures.
The choices this Government have made have delivered precisely the outcome my hon.
Friend describes.
Pubs are the lifeblood of communities, particularly in rural constituencies such as mine in Broadland and Fakenham.
People could perhaps make an argument for individual tax rises, but it is the combination of three in particular that are hitting pubs so badly.
It is the increase in the minimum wage—the Government are very good at increasing prices for everyone else, but not themselves—as well as the removal of business rates relief for hospitality and leisure, and the rise in national insurance contributions for employers.
The latter point is not so much about the overall percentage rise, but the reduction in the threshold from £9,200 to £5,000, which particularly impacts those who employ part-time staff and those on low wages.
It is a triple whammy on pubs.
Is that why so many are closing across the country?
My hon.
Friend makes exactly the right point about that triple whammy, and about the cumulative effect of changes and the consequences—potentially unintended—that manifest themselves most acutely in industries such as UK hospitality and retail, which have the great virtue, among many others, of contributing to the character of the places in which we live and giving so many young people their first step on the ladder of opportunity and their first experience of  work.
Without those businesses, it will be inexorably harder for young people.
That is one reason that it is of such great concern that the number of people employed on payrolls under this Government has already fallen by 100,000, with a faster rate of decline in the first quarter of this year.
This Government are perfectly positioned to achieve the unbroken track record of every Labour Government in modern history of leaving office with unemployment higher than when they started.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that another factor that will undermine job creation and employment under this Government is their approach to international wealth coming into this country?
When other countries, such as the US, are granting golden visas, we are closing the door with these ideologically-driven non-dom reforms, which will not even raise any money.