My deepest condolences—and those of the whole House, I am sure—are with the families and friends of Jennie, Martyn and David, who were tragically killed in the fire in Bicester last week.
I welcome to the Under-Gallery Cheryl Korbel, the mother of Olivia.
I am always humbled by those with the courage to respond to appalling heartbreak by campaigning for change.
I know that the whole House will pay tribute to her extraordinary courage and extraordinary resolve.
Because of the actions taken by this Government, the UK is now the fastest growing economy in the G7, interest rates have been cut four times, and we have secured our third trade deal in three weeks—deals with India, the US and the EU.
These deals are in the national interest and will improve the lives of working people and businesses across the United Kingdom.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
This Labour Government have been in power now for almost 12 months.
When will the Prime Minister stop defying the will of the British people, stop dancing around the subject, and stop all illegal immigration into the United Kingdom, which has been rising on his watch?
It was the previous Government who lost control of immigration; they had record numbers for net migration, and lost control of the borders.
We are bringing forward legislation to give law enforcement the greatest possible powers.
What are the Conservatives doing?
They are voting against it.
While the economy is showing signs of improving, many pensioners are still impacted by the cost of living crisis.
People in Luton who have worked hard all their lives are seeing their precious savings slip away.
Will the Prime Minister tell us what measures he will take to help struggling pensioners in towns like mine?
We all know that the economy was left in an absolute mess by the Tories.
We had to stabilise the economy with tough decisions, but they were the right decisions.
Because of them, the economy is beginning to improve: there were those growth figures last year—we had the highest growth in the G7; there were four interest rate cuts in a row; and there have been three trade deals.
However, I recognise that people are still feeling the pressure of the cost of living crisis, including pensioners, and as the economy improves, we want to make sure that people feel those improvements each day as their lives go forward.
That is why we want to ensure that more pensioners are eligible for winter  fuel payments as we go forward.
As you would expect, Mr Speaker, we will make only the decisions that we can afford, and that is why we will look at that as part of a fiscal event.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
It was extraordinary listening to that last answer from the Prime Minister.
Inflation was 2% when the Conservatives left office; it is now nearly double that.
When will he recognise that it is Labour’s Budget that is driving up inflation?
What the right hon.
Lady forgot to say was that inflation rose to more than 11% on the Conservatives’ watch, and she did not say a word.
I am confident that those numbers will come down; the Bank of England is confident that they will come down, too, which is why we have seen four interest rate cuts in a row.
I notice that the right hon.
Lady cannot resist grabbing any opportunity to talk the country down.
She does not mention the growth figures, the interest rate figures, the record investment, wages being up more than prices, the 200,000 jobs created or the three trade deals.
The reason is that the Conservatives have not learned and they have not changed.
As George Osborne said, the Leader of the Opposition does not have a credible economic plan.