She does not mention the growth figures, the interest rate figures, the record investment, wages being up more than prices, the 200,000 jobs created or the three trade deals.
The reason is that the Conservatives have not learned and they have not changed.
As George Osborne said, the Leader of the Opposition does not have a credible economic plan.
That is laughable from the Prime Minister.
He knows that inflation was brought down by us to 2%—bang on target.
We were reacting to a war in Ukraine that brought inflation up all over Europe.
While he is doing trade deals with countries such as the US and India, their inflation is going down, but it is going up here.
Why?
The Office for National Statistics says that the inflation figures are driven by significant increases in household bills.
We warned him repeatedly that this is exactly what would happen—what his policies would do.
We called it “awful April”.
The Prime Minister came into office saying that he would tackle the cost of living crisis.
He has failed.
He has not got a clue, has he?
The right hon.
Lady talks of the Conservatives’ record.
There was the disastrous Liz Truss mini-Budget; inflation was through the roof; there was a £22 billion black hole; living standards were at an all-time low; energy prices went through the roof; and mortgages went through the roof.
We are taking measures to bring prices down.
The EU deal will bring prices down; that is why supermarkets have welcomed it.
What does she do?
She opposes measures to bring prices down.
The Prime Minister needs to stop whining about what the last Government did and look at what he is doing.
He is the Prime Minister.
Look at the numbers this morning.
As if inflation figures were not bad enough, we have also learned that the Deputy Prime Minister is on manoeuvres.
The Prime Minister has lost control of the economy and he has lost control of his Cabinet.
The Deputy Prime Minister is sitting there staring at me.
She knew exactly what she was doing when she briefed the papers.
She is demanding eight new tax rises—as if we have not suffered enough.
People out there are struggling.
Businesses are struggling.
People are losing their jobs.
We cannot have more tax rises.
Will the Prime Minister rule out new tax rises this year?
The right hon.
Lady has not learned or changed.
The Conservatives lost the election because of their appalling record on the NHS, on health, on prisons—you name it.
Now she accuses everyone of whining about the impact that had on the country.
It had a huge impact on working people across the country and they are absolutely right to complain about it.
She wants to talk about the Deputy Prime Minister.
The Deputy Prime Minister, working with the Chancellor, is building 1.5 million new homes, reforming our planning system, putting £7 billion into our economy, and bringing forward an Employment Rights Bill, which will be the single biggest upgrade to workers’ rights in a generation.
That is desperate stuff.
The whole House will have heard the Prime Minister refuse to rule out new tax rises.
The whole House heard it: he did not rule them out.
There is open warfare in his Cabinet.
The Deputy Prime Minister is clearly calling the shots.
What have we learned?
We are heading for new tax rises.
We know that inflation is up.
It is just more and more bad news from a Prime Minister who has lost control.
We heard the Prime Minister’s earlier answer on winter fuel.
Let us try to get some more information.
I shall ask him a simple question.
It requires only one word: yes or no.
Is he planning to U-turn on winter fuel cuts?