This is important, and we will have positive discussions with the devolved Governments to work on addressing mental health waiting times.
The SNP promised to invest in frontline mental health services, then cut them by £54 million in real terms this year.
With a record settlement in the Budget and two decades in power, the SNP is out of excuses and out of ideas.
Scotland deserves better than that.
If the Prime Minister agrees that the Israeli Government starving children to death is monstrous, why does he think it is okay for the UK to continue to sell Israel the equipment for the fighter jets to drop bombs on those starving children?
What we contribute into a pot is parts for fighter jets, and if we were to stop that, they could not be used by other countries in other conflicts, including those in which we are involved—[Interruption.]
The hon.
Member does not know the detail at all.
They are not sold directly.
They go into a pot.
If we were to stop that, they would not then be available to others around the world who desperately need them in the conflicts they are engaged in, and that is why we will not do it.
The  dementia gateway in my constituency was recently at risk of closure following £42 million-worth of budget cuts by the Conservative-run Dudley council.
The gateway is a vital service for dementia patients and their carers, providing daytime activities and advice and support from trained advisers.
Following a well-fought campaign with cross-party support, the dementia gateway has been saved.
In this Dementia Action Week, will the Prime Minister join me in congratulating Lisa and the campaigners?
Does he agree that such services are essential and that they support the Government’s mission to provide quality care in our communities close to home?
I thank my hon.
Friend and celebrate Lisa and all those who have saved this important source of local support.
The Conservatives left local councils on the brink, unable to provide these vital services, letting down patients across the country.
We are committed to improving dementia care through our plan for change, which is why we provided a £69 billion boost for local government, invested £26 billion in the NHS and made £3.7 billion available for social care, including an £880 million increase in the social care grant.
Does the Prime Minister agree that imprisoning Lucy Connolly, a young mother with a 12-year-old daughter, for one foolish social media post that was soon deleted is clearly not an efficient or fair use of prison?
Sentencing is a matter for our courts, and I celebrate the fact that we have independent courts in this country.
I am strongly in favour of free speech.
We have had free speech in this country for a very long time, and we protect it fiercely.
But I am equally against incitement to violence against other  people, and I will always support the action taken by our police and courts to keep our streets and people safe.
I recently visited St Catherine’s hospice in Lostock Hall, which serves wonderfully my constituents in South Ribble, those of Ribble Valley and some of your constituents in Chorley, Mr Speaker.
I discovered that the hospice has to pay an excessive £350,000 a year for medication, which can only be sourced from the private sector, not the NHS.
After some investigating, I found that there is a postcode lottery for integrated care boards.
Some ICBs are fully funded and supply all medication, some subsidise it and some do not supply it at all.
Evidence shows that there is a disparity between hospices in the more deprived areas not being funded and those in the more affluent areas being funded.
Will the Prime Minister please speak with the Health Secretary as a matter of urgency and get free medication supplied by all ICBs to all hospices across the country?