He was at home, bedridden and unable to move.
The bailiffs visited repeatedly but he could not hear their knocks or get out of bed.
Despite that, they unfairly added extra charges to his debt for their visits.
He was left without carpet and with a broken bed and a broken boiler.
On top of all this, he was preparing to become a dad.
What should have been a proud and exciting moment in his life became one of immense stress and fear—fear that the bailiffs, given that they had nothing else left to take, might seize his baby daughter’s toys, her changing table or even her cot.
As a father, I could sense the deeply personal pain behind that fear—the heartbreak of possibly failing her in the one way he still felt he could provide.
Michael went from being a homeowner with a near perfect credit score to nearly losing everything.
I am pleased to say that he is back on his feet, and although he is still paying the debt off he is hoping to clear it soon.
He is doing well.
I took him out on to the Terrace last week in the sunshine, and we reflected on how unfair bailiff practices had added to his hardship.
I also recently met Adam, who got into debt through falling behind on council tax and card repayments after losing an agency job and struggling to find new work.
His experience, like many others, began with letters and ended with visits to his home.
As is often the case with rogue bailiffs, the visits were aggressive and intimidating.
One forced his foot in the door, threatening to come in, which breaks virtually every rule in the book.
Adam told me it was like
“someone was trying to boot down the door”.
He immediately told the bailiff that he had a disability and was classed as vulnerable.
The bailiff said that he  did not care and would take away Adam’s belongings regardless.
A bailiff saying that he did not care?
What cruelty!
The enforcement system is broken and punishes those who are already struggling.
When rules allow such passive, cruel indifference to people in crisis, it is not about one bailiff in one moment: it is about the sort of society we want to be.
Adam had Government-funded equipment for his disability—a specially adapted device—but again the bailiff said that he did not care and would take it anyway.
Adam contacted StepChange.
Its advisers helped him to come up with a payment plan, which the bailiffs wrongfully refused.
He became genuinely terrified of being at home on his own.
Adam has made progress with his debts, and I welcomed him to Parliament last week alongside Michael.
Both cases are littered with dozens of examples of unregulated rogue bailiff activity.
The ECB does a good job, but many bailiffs are not in its perimeter.
Statutory regulation would enable it to be even firmer and to drive up standards, so it is time for the Government to fix the regulation in the enforcement sector.
I do not want anyone in this country to have to worry about losing their disability equipment or their children’s toys.
No one should ever have to face the same hardship.
Fourteen years of Conservative Government saw only a few, although welcome, tweaks to the law.
That has to change.
The Labour party is built on principles of social justice, equality and fairness.
That is why we need to bring bailiff regulation on to a statutory footing, changing the lives of millions of people in the process.
For Michael and Adam, and in honour of all that they and countless others have endured, let us bring in statutory regulation of the debt and civil enforcement sectors once and for all.
Question put and agreed to.