What specific customs reform does he intend  to pursue to further cut red tape and unlock the full potential of dual-market access and latent economic growth in Northern Ireland?
On customs, in addition to the SPS deal, the significantly reduced Windsor framework customs arrangements, introduced on  1 May , will of course remain in place, because the UK is not in the EU customs union and we have no intention of joining it.
It is clear from the text of the agreement what will be removed and that customs information will remain for SPS goods, but we are working hard to make life easier and introduced changes on  1 May .
Reducing the number of lines of information that need to be provided from 75 to 21 is a very good example of how we are working with the EU to make it easier for goods to flow.
What steps he is taking to ensure adequate legal protections for veterans who served in Northern Ireland during the troubles.
The veterans who served in Operation Banner did so with distinction in very difficult circumstances, and ultimately helped to bring about the peace that Northern Ireland now enjoys.
We owe them a huge debt of gratitude.
Together with the Defence Secretary and Minister for Veterans, I am currently considering measures for our legacy legislation to ensure better protections for elderly veterans.
Seven hundred and twenty-two of our soldiers were killed by paramilitary murderers during the troubles.
Not one of those deaths will be revisited.
Because of the current circumstances, however, hundreds of brave men—who, as the Secretary of State says, served their country with honour, patriotism and integrity—face a sword of Damocles of politically motivated trials hanging over them.
I can think of no better example of two-tier justice.
Whatever the Government do, they have to take that away, and do so in a way that cannot be circumvented by clever, politically motivated lawyers.
Will he give the House an undertaking that he will do that?
I agree with what the former Defence Secretary said in 2019.
He said:
“The British Army uphold British values, which is the rule of law, and that’s what we stand for.”
I advise the right hon.
Gentleman to be a little bit careful about using the phrase “politically motivated” prosecutions—I hope I have correctly quoted him.
Let us be clear: decisions about any prosecutions, in any cases, are taken by the independent Public Prosecution Service, which is entirely separate from the Executive.
I call the shadow Minister.
I strongly support the petition brought forward by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Goole and Pocklington (David Davis) .
As of this morning, it has more than 90,000 signatures, showing the strength of public feeling on this issue.
Almost a year ago, the Labour party published its manifesto, saying that it  would scrap the legacy Act, yet it has still presented no alternative.
Victims are in limbo, and veterans are in limbo.
The last Labour Government handed out letters of comfort for terrorists, but nothing for elderly veterans.
When will the Secretary of State finally show the House his plans, and how can veterans have confidence that they will get the protection they deserve?
We have begun the process of repealing and replacing the legacy Act in the proposed draft remedial order.
It will deal with the conditional immunity that was struck down by the courts, and which we came into office committed to remove because it did not command support across Northern Ireland, as it would have given immunity to terrorists, including those who killed the soldiers to whom  the right hon.
Member for Goole and Pocklington (David Davis)  referred earlier.
I intend to bring forward legislation to complete that process when parliamentary time allows, because this Government inherited a completely hopeless piece of legislation, which has been found time and again to be incompatible with our international obligations.
I call the leader of the DUP.