Businesses were promised that their plans were fully costed and fully funded in advance and there would be no increased business taxes, but within 90 days the Government went back on that.
How can business ever trust this Government again?
My hon.
Friend, who is himself a very distinguished and successful businessman, knows exactly the importance of that intangible quality of confidence that the Government have your back and you will not wake up in the morning and be hit with a £25 billion jobs tax—on which subject there was not one word, not one syllable, in the Labour party manifesto.
We toured the studios jousting with Labour Members and issuing warnings, but we were met with a repeated barrage of denials in respect of their £25 billion jobs tax. [
Interruption.]
The Ministers are chuntering, and there is probably a fair amount of chuntering to do if they have to explain an inability to balance the public finances along with an attempt to do so by means of a set of vindictive and arithmetically incorrect taxes on business.
We can move on from tax.
That is just one of the many barrages faced by businesses that are sapping confidence and producing some of the very worrying statistics that we are seeing.
We could, for instance, move on to the “Unemployment Rights Bill”, which is an egregious example of red tape and state intervention and overreach.
At this point Labour Members are normally uncharacteristically quiet, because they are aided and abetted to the tune of £31 million by the trade unions.
The Bill shackles the hands of employers in pubs, bars, garden centres, grocery stores, butchers, hairdressers —businesses rooted deep in our communities—with little clarity and no lead-in time.
Seasonal work could be made impossible by the Bill.
It is certain that compliance costs will rocket.
There will be long delays for employment tribunal hearings; in some parts of the country, the wait for a hearing is already approaching 18 months.
Even according to the Government’s own estimate, on top of every other measure, there will be a headwind cost for business of an unwanted £5 billion a year.
You have talked about the risk of seasonal jobs being lost as a consequence of the Employment Rights Bill.
In my constituency it is a serious risk, as a number of businesses have told me.
Would you say that the Minister should withdraw the Bill, or, at the very least, conduct a proper assessment of its impact?
Order.
May I point out, to prevent any further errors, that the term “you” is not used in the Chamber, because it refers to me, in the Chair?
Hopefully no one else will make the same mistake.
No one would believe, Madam Deputy Speaker, that you would implement such terrible measures without a proper impact assessment.
More significant, however, is the fact that we have heard not just the voice of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bognor Regis and Littlehampton (Alison Griffiths) , representing those important seasonal industries, but the voice of employers across the country, who have pointed out that it will no longer be possible for seasonable and flexible work to deliver the economy that we need.
The problem with the Employment Rights Bill is not only its implied cost and the red tape it will introduce, but the fact that it is a poor piece of legislation in the first place.
The Government’s own regulatory independent commission has said that eight of the 23 criteria are not fit for purpose.
Does my hon.
Friend not agree that if the Bill is to proceed, it should be reworked?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
If Labour Members were honest enough to do so, they would admit that the Bill is a rushed piece of legislation.