I hesitate to stray into the matter of fishing, which I suspect we will debate many times in the future, but I note that those on the other Government Benches next to us tabled an amendment, which has not been selected for debate but which seeks to shackle our small businesses further by having us reverse across a much broader range of topics than the pass that the Government already sold earlier this week, so that we become a taker of rules from Brussels, and our small businesses, entrepreneurs and founders are crushed by the red tape that would originate there.
Fishing is one sector, but there is a clause in the Employment Rights Bill that affects all businesses.
At this point I should draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, as a former entrepreneur who has employed well over 1,000 people in my time.
The problem is that if day one employment rights are imposed for any hire, it will be a massive disincentive for businesses to take a chance and take on people who are more vulnerable: the young and the less well qualified.
Why would a business take that chance if it risked being hauled up over day one employment rights?
Once again, my hon.
Friend has demonstrated his deep and real knowledge of business, having himself, in a past life, employed more than 1,000 people.
One rather suspects that taking that risk, having that responsibility and shouldering that burden, moral and financial, is greater than the entire aggregate responsibility of Labour Members for hiring anyone.
My hon.
Friend has made the right point about who will end up on the receiving end of the higher unemployment.
It will be the young, looking for their first opportunities, and it will be excluded and vulnerable groups on whom a benign employer would today take a chance—but not if that chance is likely to lead immediately to being at the back of an 18-month-long queue for an employment tribunal hearing.
The point made by  the hon.
Member for Broadland and Fakenham (Jerome Mayhew)  was about day one rights, but that right is to stop unfair dismissal from day one.
Is it now the policy of the Conservative party to allow for unfair dismissal between the first and second days?
If  the shadow Minister is unhappy with that being a right from day one, presumably he is unhappy for people to have that right at all.
I am afraid that to make those points is to misconstrue wilfully what is actually in the Bill.
We have a very settled and balanced position of employment rights that dates back to before previous Labour Governments as well as the Government in office before the election.
It strikes what will always be a difficult balance between offering employees the chance to enter the workforce and the ability of businesses, and of the public sector and others, to hire and to operate in a way that is profitable.
It does nobody any favours to think that we can, merely by passing words of statute, change the outcomes in a way that advantages the most vulnerable, who are the youngest employees.
The failure to learn from that point will once again lead to exactly the same outcome, which is why every Labour Government have left office with unemployment higher than where it started.
In his response, the Minister may wish to confirm that this time will be different and perhaps lay out exactly why it will be different, but he has a job of work to convince us and, more importantly, every employer in the land that that is the case.
The shadow Minister takes a casual swipe at the business acumen of Ministers, and I wonder whether I can encourage him to develop that point.