My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
If Labour Members were honest enough to do so, they would admit that the Bill is a rushed piece of legislation.
It was introduced because of an arbitrary promise to do so within 100 days, and it was introduced at half its current length, which means that 50% of the words that it now contains—the red tape that our businesses will have to implement and wrestle with for years to come—did not even benefit from scrutiny in this place.
Many of the powers in the Bill are not fleshed out or clarified.
We will wreak great havoc and uncertainty on business if the Government are determined to proceed.
It would be far better for them to shelve the Bill, to listen, to learn and then to come back so that we could use the proper mechanisms of this House to do our jobs for all our constituents to avoid the unintended consequences and the damage that I do not believe anyone would want.
In that spirit of listening and learning, I have been speaking to businesses in my constituency this week, and the chambers of commerce have signalled that the trade deal is a new start for British business because it is reducing red tape, giving certainty to businesses and allowing them to trade and do well, in my constituency and elsewhere.
Do you think they are wrong?
Order. “
Do you think they are wrong?”
We have a long afternoon ahead of us—even longer for me in the Chair.
One has to celebrate small mercies, and I am delighted by the hon.
Gentleman’s conversion to the cause of free trade.
Free trade is what has lifted billions of people in the world out of poverty.
It has made us the great country that we are today.
The business in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency that has formed such a clear view has obviously benefited from considerably more detail than the House, so perhaps he will share its name.
We would be very happy to hear about the details of the trade agreement that has been reached.
Perhaps, in having that conversation with his local business, the hon.
Gentleman would like to engage in a discussion about its views on the Employment Rights Bill.
Despite legion opportunities that I, and others, have given Ministers to name a single business that is in favour of all the measures in the Bill, answer still comes there none.
May I tell my hon.
Friend why I think  the hon.
Member for Peterborough (Andrew Pakes)  is wrong?
Since the very inception of our negotiations to join what was then the common market—now the European Union—it has attached huge importance to fishing.
We have just handed over the enormous leverage of an annual negotiation, and for what?
Absolutely nothing.
Andrew Griffith, match that passion!
I hesitate to stray into the matter of fishing, which I suspect we will debate many times in the future, but I note that those on the other Government Benches next to us tabled an amendment, which has not been selected for debate but which seeks to shackle our small businesses further by having us reverse across a much broader range of topics than the pass that the Government already sold earlier this week, so that we become a taker of rules from Brussels, and our small businesses, entrepreneurs and founders are crushed by the red tape that would originate there.
Fishing is one sector, but there is a clause in the Employment Rights Bill that affects all businesses.
At this point I should draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, as a former entrepreneur who has employed well over 1,000 people in my time.