It is incredible that he has done so much already, and he is in the Gallery today.
Many of us struggle for a whole lifetime to make an impact on Government policy, but Teddy is already having an impact aged six.
I will make sure that he gets to speak to the relevant Minister.
Following on from the question asked by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stourbridge (Cat Eccles) , this week is National Epilepsy Week, an important opportunity to raise awareness of a condition that affects so many but often remains invisible.
Epilepsy comes with fear and uncertainty: the anxiety about having a seizure, the impact of losing a driving licence and the worry about medication shortages.
In the UK, one in 100 people live with epilepsy, which works out as up to six of us in the Chamber, including myself.
Will the Prime Minister join me and the inspiring campaigners watching from the Gallery in marking National Epilepsy Week, as we continue to raise awareness of seizures?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her tireless campaigning on this issue, alongside the campaigners who are with us today.
I know the impact that epilepsy has on people across the country, including on over 100,000 children and young people.
We are committed to improving care for people with neurological conditions and we are setting up the UK-wide Neuro Forum to improve treatment and care for those with such conditions.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
May I put on the record the sad passing yesterday of Patrick O’Flynn, a political journalist who was well known to many hon.
Members?
He died after a short battle with cancer.
He was a Lobby journalist for some 20 years, spending many days, weeks and months in the Press Gallery.
He will be much missed and I pass on the condolences of all hon.
Members to his wife, Carole Ann, and his two children.
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for his point of order.
Patrick was a long-serving and well-respected member of the Lobby.
I am sure that the whole House will wish to join me in sending our condolences to his family, for somebody who was taken so young.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I seek your guidance on how I can get a response from the Department for Work and Pensions.
I have written to the Secretary of State in relation to one of my constituents, who was told by a first-tier tribunal that the DWP must make payments to him backdated to January 2020.
The tribunal decision was in February and we have been chasing the Department for a response for over a month.
Will you advise me on how I can get a response?
I think the hon.
Lady knows exactly what she is going to do next, but she has certainly put the matter on the record and I hope Members on the Treasury Bench have heard.
I find it pretty appalling that Government Departments are not answering correspondence from all Members, from all political parties, on time.
In the end, Back Benchers are answerable to their constituents, and if Departments cannot provide a reply, they are letting down hon.
Members.
I hope the relevant officials are listening and answering as I speak.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No.
23 )
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to require the Secretary of State to publish an assessment of the effectiveness of current regulation of the debt collection and civil enforcement sectors and to report to Parliament on the potential merits of statutory regulation of those sectors; and for connected purposes.
Today, I introduce the Regulation of Bailiffs (Assessment and Report) Bill.
We are in this place to speak up when others cannot and to put right what is clearly wrong.