He falls frequently and chokes on his food.
Ginny is the sole earner in the family—she works part time on top of caring for Tim—but she has calculated that under the Government’s cuts her family will lose £12,000 a year.
Will the Prime Minister tell Ginny and many family carers like her what he expects them to do?
We have approached this on the basis of the principle that we must support those who need support.
On the question of getting people into work, we should support people into work where they can work—and of course, where they can work, they should—but it is undeniable that the current arrangements do not work and need to be reformed.
That is why we are bringing forward necessary reform to ensure that the system works better.
Yesterday in this place, I read the victim impact statement that Cheryl Korbel never got to say to her daughter’s killer Thomas Cashman, because he refused to face her in court.
I am made up that Olivia’s law passed Second Reading, but until it gets Royal Assent criminals can still not show up, denying victims justice.
Will the Prime Minister commit to making sure that Olivia’s law becomes law as fast as possible?
I thank my hon.
Friend for reading that victim impact statement.
I know from talking to Cheryl how hard it was for her to make that victim impact statement in the first place; it took a huge amount of courage, and grief.
She wanted to read that statement to the perpetrator, as she should have been able to do.
I know from the meetings that I have had with her how visceral the pain is to her of not having been able to do so.
I therefore thank my hon.
Friend for reading that impact statement out in the Chamber, allowing it to be heard by the whole world.
Cowards who commit these heinous crimes should face the consequences of their actions, which have a huge impact on victims’ lives.
That is why we will force offenders to attend their sentencing hearings, with longer sentences, unlimited fines and prison sanctions for those who seek to avoid facing justice.
I pay tribute again to Cheryl, who I will meet later this afternoon, for having the incredible courage to push for that change, notwithstanding the incredibly painful impact it has had on her and her family.
The Government assure us that Northern Ireland is still in the United Kingdom’s customs union.
If so, how is it that British steel can be sold to the United States tariff-free, but that same British steel if sold into Northern Ireland is subject to EU tariffs?
Why on Monday did the Prime Minister not even try to take back control over the trade laws that govern Northern Ireland?
It is important that we reduce tariffs on steel into the US market and other markets—including the EU markets—for obvious reasons.
It is also vital that we seek to ensure that we reduce any barriers in trade within the United Kingdom as a whole.
Yesterday was a step towards that.
There is further work to do, but we do want to get to that place where we can trade without those barriers in the United Kingdom.
We will continue to work on that.
The Prime Minister will know that thriving high streets are essential to local growth, but in cities such as mine, people are increasingly concerned by the uncontrolled growth of betting shops and vape stores.
Research shows that that concern is not isolated.
Nearly half of betting shops and gambling stores are in the 20% of places that are struggling the most, such as Peterborough.
Will the Prime Minister ask his Departments to meet me and campaigners so that we can discuss ways that local communities such as mine can take back control of our high streets?
My hon.
Friend is an excellent champion for his constituents.