The failure to learn from that point will once again lead to exactly the same outcome, which is why every Labour Government have left office with unemployment higher than where it started.
In his response, the Minister may wish to confirm that this time will be different and perhaps lay out exactly why it will be different, but he has a job of work to convince us and, more importantly, every employer in the land that that is the case.
The shadow Minister takes a casual swipe at the business acumen of Ministers, and I wonder whether I can encourage him to develop that point.
When I speak to businesses in Angus and Perthshire Glens about the changes that have been instituted since July last year, they are incredulous that anybody with even a passing knowledge of business, enterprise or entrepreneurialism of any nature would put such roadblocks in the way of business and wealth creation.
Would he like to expand on that?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for making that very perceptive observation.
I hate to say this, but I was not making a casual point; it was a considered point.
When we think about how this House continues to legislate and tax in a way that reduces economic growth, that does not celebrate a culture of entrepreneurialism and founders, and that is leading to higher employment, with 100,000 fewer people on payroll than there were a year ago, we should all look deep into our souls.
What is the endemic failure in Parliament, and of this Government in particular, that is leading so quickly to precisely those outcomes?
It is sad to say that sometimes there is a lack of voice for business.
Although one does not want every single sector to be represented in this place, the compensatory mechanism for that involves consultation and diligent impact assessments.
In introducing legislation, this Government have been serially criticised for the way that they have casually discarded such measures, and the Treasury maths simply do not add up.
I think it goes wider than that across the top of Government, because Members on both sides of this House are grappling with what to do about people who are long-term unemployed.
If we make it more likely that companies will not take a risk on getting someone back into work while increasing unemployment  at the same time, we will create a toxic concoction at a time that we are trying to get people back into jobs because we know that that is better for the economy and better for them, their health and their family.
Does my hon.
Friend agree?
I do indeed agree.
We ought to confront how we have got here—I acknowledge that it has happened over a period of time—with so many young people unable to work, get an education or be in productive training.
That is a headwind on the economy, and a moral failure of us all.
The question that we should confront ourselves with is this: what are we doing each and every day in this place to give opportunities to 1 million young people and the 9 million others of working age who remain stubbornly on welfare, while improving our public finances and making the maximum use of the wonderful resources, education and skills of the British people, so that we can grow our economy and be the prosperous nation that we once again deserve to be?
My hon.
Friend talks about the message of this Government, and just last week I spoke to a first-generation immigrant, who talked about the message for entrepreneurs in this country.
She said, “If you can’t hand on more to the next generation through your own hard work, what’s the point?”
She is right, isn’t she?