Friend talks about the message of this Government, and just last week I spoke to a first-generation immigrant, who talked about the message for entrepreneurs in this country.
She said, “If you can’t hand on more to the next generation through your own hard work, what’s the point?”
She is right, isn’t she?
She is right, and that is one of the chilling headwinds that anyone who wants to grow the economy, and anyone who serves in the wonderful Department for Business and Trade or our Treasury, should confront.
We should be going back to officials and challenging exactly that.
How can we achieve a culture vibe shift on growth and entrepreneurship?
That is the best contribution that we could all make.
May I just take my hon.
Friend back to what he was saying a moment ago about opportunities for young people?
I recently met hair and beauty salons in my constituency.
As he knows, they have historically been the most amazing employers of apprentices and have given such wonderful chances to young people.
I was worried to hear that the rate at which they are taking on apprentices is dropping off.
By 2027, there will be no apprentices left in the sector.
It is not just hair and beauty saying that; other sectors in my constituency, such as adult social care and early years education, are saying the same.
Is he as worried as I am about the lack of opportunities for our younger generation?
Yes, I am enormously worried.
We have to understand and make the connection that it is only the private sector that truly creates sustainable jobs.
We need people to work in our wonderful public services, but ultimately growth and opportunities come from the expansion of the private sector, which is most encapsulated by female-led businesses, such as those in the hair and beauty sector.
They often survive on small margins, deal with lots of different pieces of regulation, and try to keep our high streets and communities alive—as well as performing, I suspect, rather a better service for my hon.
Friend than for me and some other colleagues.
It is a valuable and vital industry.
We ought to ram this point home so that the Minister understands.
Before he stands up, he has plenty of time to think this through and provide us with a sensible answer, rather than something that is off the cuff, so here is a note of warning.
This morning, I attended an event run by one of the national clearing banks, which is putting a huge amount of effort into trying to create, and helping its customers to create, opportunities for young people.
The bank has come up with a raft of good ideas, but every single one of them—this point was made very clearly—will hit the roadblock of the Government’s employment legislation.
Where is the sense in that?
If my hon.
Friend does not have the answer, the Minister no doubt will have.
Let us hope that the Minister does indeed have an answer.
I am somebody who always travels optimistically, and though we have sparred on the important subject of the 300-page, 120,000-word Employment Rights Bill, it is never too late.
That Bill is undergoing scrutiny in the other House as we speak, and the Opposition would welcome and support the Government’s shelving it until we have dealt with the cacophony of headwinds that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Broadland and Fakenham (Jerome Mayhew)  talked about earlier, including the changes to the tax system and other changes; the damage that has already been inflicted on the economy; the headwinds on costs that we saw this morning, with inflation 75% higher than the Bank of England’s target rate, which will mean that interest rates are higher for longer; and the failure to reform business rates.