They are delighted with the deal we put forward yesterday.
Business like the work we are doing, and it is giving them confidence in the EU deal, but the right hon.
Lady is opposed to each and every measure.
I recently visited Barrow Hill primary school in my constituency—a school in receipt of a new free breakfast club.
The team there are doing a fantastic job, but challenges remain.
What more can we do as a Government to support both them and local parents to give the children of Barrow Hill the start in life that they deserve?
I thank my hon.
Friend; we are united by a shared focus on creating better life chances for our children, and I am delighted to hear that her constituents are already benefiting from our changes.
Thanks to our plan for change, we will deliver free breakfast clubs in every primary school in England.
I am determined to support parents to give every child the best start in life.
That is why we are rolling out free childcare, expanding the first 300 school-based nurseries, and delivering more family hubs.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
Can I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks about the terrible fire in Bicester last Thursday?
I know from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bicester and Woodstock (Calum Miller)  how deeply the close-knit community  there has been affected by this tragedy.
The firefighters Martyn Sadler and Jennie Logan were true heroes, as was Dave Chester.
I hope that the prayers and thoughts of the House are with their loved ones and the two firefighters still in hospital.
The Prime Minister has rightly said that his new trade deals will give a much-needed boost to economic growth, and thus the public finances, but will he make sure that struggling families and pensioners see the benefits of this growth?
He teased the House in his answer to  the hon.
Member for Luton North (Sarah Owen) ; will he commit now to reversing his cuts to the winter fuel payment in full?
I thank the right hon.
Member for his comments about the Bicester tragedy; it is important that in a moment like this the House comes together.
We are taking measures to help with the cost of living crisis.
The EU deal yesterday was so important because of the impact it will have on prices, particularly in supermarkets.
That will directly benefit those who are affected by the cost of living crisis.
What I said before was that the economy is beginning to improve, but people are still feeling the pressure.
That is why we are taking the measures we are taking and striking the trade deals we are striking.
As it improves, I want people to feel the benefit of the measures we are taking.
That is why I want to ensure that more pensioners are eligible for the winter fuel allowance.
It is important, as Members would expect, that we are clear that we can afford the decision we are making.
That is why this will now be looked at in a fiscal event.
I think that I welcome what the Prime Minister has said, but we will look at the details.
I hope that he will use some of these new proceeds to help others, like carers.
The Government’s changes to the personal independence payment will have big consequences for family carers like Ginny, who cares for her husband Tim, who has myotonic dystrophy.
Ginny holds her husband’s hand to keep him steady as he walks.
He falls frequently and chokes on his food.
Ginny is the sole earner in the family—she works part time on top of caring for Tim—but she has calculated that under the Government’s cuts her family will lose £12,000 a year.
Will the Prime Minister tell Ginny and many family carers like her what he expects them to do?