] their responsibility to the future. They aspired to a higher purpose to tame the demons of war. The World War II Memorial is not named for a person, but for the 20th century's Greatest Generation. Here at this Memorial, 4,006 gold stars on the Wall of Heroes represent those 400,600 fallen Americans who offered their precious lives to Liberty. Learning from the grit of World War II, America's team who built this memorial never gave up. Former Chairman, as has been mentioned of the Battle Monuments Commission, Ambassador Haydn Williams never gave up. He would write of these patriots, and I quote, ``If their silent stare could speak, Archibald MacLeish would have them say, `we leave you our deaths, give them meaning' '' Those that survived did just that. They forged new alliances like NATO to defend our Free World. And they shaped a world in which the United States entered its longest period in history of relative peace between great powers. That architecture is being tested this very day. The World War II generation triumphed over adversity. It vanquished the hateful cruelty exacted by the Axes of Nazi, Imperialists, and ultimately hateful cruelty in 1989 and 1991, with Soviet dictators who savagely had killed and starved millions upon millions upon millions more innocent human beings than ever before on Earth. This coming June 6th, our nation will commemorate the 80th anniversary of the D-Day landing of 1944, the turning point in World War II. History notes, it was the largest military and naval operation ever conducted by any armed force in the history of the world. 400,000 US combat troops were led by brilliant US Army General Omar Bradley. US troops and 2,000 paratroopers joined with Britain, and Canadian allies in a total force numbering 1,200,000, in Operation Overlord, in a surprise attack that that enormous force traversed the English Channel beginning on D-Day on June 6th, 1944. Their mission was to defeat the deadly forces of Nazi tyranny that had invaded France and other European nations that adjoined. What transpired was the most harrowing, costliest battle in world history. Enemy planes bombed our valiant seaborne troops as Nazi platoons hidden in bunker nests arrayed across the high bluffs above the French coast, shot down as Allied troops in column after column after column scaled up the treacherous cliffs. The English Channel turned red with the precious blood of our fallen. Our own Uncle, Stanley Rogowski, from Toledo, Ohio, was one