comrades as he and his army engineer buddies hauled heavy steel track up the embankment under heavy fire. Their valor allowed tons and tons of equipment to be hauled on that track. Tanks and ammunition. And ultimately the Allies kept persevering forward. Over the next two months would come the terrible battle of Saint Lo. There, America's soldiers under command of Army General George Patton would break the back of Nazi invaders as fierce fighting in the treacherous French hedgerows resulted in terrible losses. The Allies, U.S., British, and Canadian would slowly gain ground month after agonizing month of fighting. They continued to aim at the heart of the strategic edge of Nazi resistance in Germany itself. Still fighting a year later, on March 7th, 1945, it would be an exceptional soldier from Holland, Ohio, Sergeant Alexander Drabik, who would lead the consequential spearhead charge for American forces with the 27th Armed Infantry Brigade of the 9th Armored Division. Under intense enemy fire, they dashed eastward across the Ludendorff Bridge over the Rhine River near Remagen and toward the heart of Nazi Germany. Polish conscripts had cut the fuses that the Nazis had planted to blow up the bridge. It was the last bridge that the Nazis had not blown up to prevent Allies from crossing into the heart of German territory. Sergeant Drabik's bravery allowed troops to cross over within an hour. The first Allied Brigade across the Rhine River, led by Sergeant Drabik under the command of General John Leonard, also of Toledo, Ohio, would go on to be awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for his extraordinary heroism, and that moment has been deemed the turning point for World War II on the continent of Europe. They not only won the war but having faced the abyss of human annihilation. They went on to build the institutions for the architecture of a Free World. In 1987, almost a half century after Allied victory in World War II, it was a U.S. Army veteran who had served at Saint Lo, France in Tank Command, who first approached his Congresswoman. His name was Roger Durbin of Berkey, Ohio, located in Lucas County's 9th Congressional District, and inquired of her in an open forum like this, why was there no World War II in Washington, DC, to which he could bring his grandchildren? That question inspired our 17 year-long shared quest to build this Memorial. May I recognize one of Roger Durbin's grandchildren joining us here today, Melissa Durbin Tsuji and her husband, Dr. Jun Tsuji from Berkey, Ohio. Thank you for coming. With 24 public hearings heard over 17 years, legislation to build this Memorial was first introduced in the U.S. House in 1987 until the memorial was officially dedicated in 2004. The efforts span the terms of three Presidents and eight Congresses. As one sage name, Congressman Barney Frank of Massachusetts quipped, ``it took longer to construct the Memorial than to conduct the war.'' The extraordinary and generous effort to raise private funds to help construct this memorial was led by Frederick W. Smith, CEO of Federal Express. We were all blessed by the fervent support of then retired U.S. Senator and wounded World War II hero, Senator Robert Dole. He dedicated his last years to greeting veterans here almost every day on site and doing everything within his power to help the Memorial reach its full potential. It was heart rending to watch him greet his comrades here. One by one for many, and indeed for him, it would be their last call. Additionally, Senator John Glenn of Ohio, Senator Strom Thurmond of South Carolina, Congressman William Clay of Missouri, Congressman Sonny Montgomery of Mississippi, Congressman Jack Davis of Illinois were essential, and I extend my gratitude, and the gratitude