accomplish something great for America. And let me shout out a huge thank you to Holly Rotondi, the persevering Executive Director of the Friends of the National World War II Memorial. Where is Holly? There she is. Yay Holly! Your entire Friends Board, led by Jane Droppa, worked tirelessly to support this Memorial and to advance its historical interpretation, and it has touched the hearts and lives of tens of millions of our fellow citizens. You have spread the wings of Liberty for countless people to witness, and your unique, and ever-growing educational program is bringing more interpretation, and historical remembrance to our nation, and world, including the lesson of patriotic self-giving that encapsulates the World War II Generation. While our efforts when our efforts began, we could not have imagined the citizen driven initiative that has selflessly helped over 200,000 veterans visit this Memorial, the Honor Flight Program. Honor Flight was co-founded by Ohioan Earl Morse, a physician assistant and retired Air Force Captain, and Jeff Miller, a small business owner and son of a World War II veteran. Morse worked in a Department of Veterans Affairs clinic in Springfield, Ohio, and there he saw many patients who were World War II veterans. After the National World War II Memorial in Washington was completed in 2004, he asked many of his veteran patients if they were going to see it and most said, oh yes. Morse said, ``I would see my World War II veterans, maybe three, six months later, and I'd ask them if they'd gone to see it. 300 of them I'd seen, and not a one had come to see the Memorial. Reality set in. They were never going ``So, Mr. Morse then offered to personally fly the first two veterans to Washington to see the Memorial, after seeing them break down and cry upon visiting, he pitched his idea to a club of 300 private pilots at a local Air Force base, proposing that the pilots would pay for the flights for the veterans to Washington and personally escort them around the city. 11 volunteered, and history was made as that network was formed. Fast forward 20 years, I'm proud to say that the Honor Flight program is a resounding success. It is now allowed veterans of any war to witness at no cost the national memorials marking their historic deeds. And I recently welcomed back an Honor Flight from our region of the Midwest, led by a 102-year-old wheelchair bound World War II veteran nurse named Gerri DeMeo. I was overjoyed to hear her response as they took her wheelchair off the plane and moved her into the room and the crowds were cheering and I had the opportunity to ask her, ``Gerri, what did you think of the Memorial?'' ``Absolutely beautiful Beautiful.'' And she just beamed. She just beamed. Most recently it has been the highest honor and privilege to introduce and gain passage of our new bipartisan legislation, H.R. 1057, the National World War II Memorial Commemorative Coin Act. This legislation has authorized the minting of three new coins at the U.S. Treasury in commemoration of today, the 20th Anniversary of the National World War II Memorial here in Washington. These coins will serve as an important token of the spirit, sacrifice, and commitment of the brave Americans who fought for the triumph of Liberty. The three distinct coins are now on sale through the U.S. Mint for the duration of this year. The net proceeds generated from the sale of these coins will ensure the Memorial is properly maintained for years to come. My hope is that improvements will include expanded educational and historical materials in collaboration with the American battle monuments Commission and the World War II Veterans History Project at the Library of Congress many years ago, championed by Congressman Ron Kind of Wisconsin, now retired. Additionally, with the advance of the Internet, I'm challenging each of you to share the information about the coins and think about friends you know, let them know the coins are on sale. With what we have now, with new social media apps, teaching opportunities, and commemorative programing for the millions of people who visit each year and others throughout our country who cannot come can really be advanced through the new electronic capabilities and embrace people across the country. Let me just say, while the Greatest Generation saved the world from Nazi and Imperial domination and achieved the collapse of Soviet tyranny, beginning with Poland in 1989, and then all of Central Europe in 1991,