We need to make sure that the whole justice system, including what happens in our criminal courts, is as efficient as it can be.
That is why I have commissioned Sir Brian Leveson to conduct an independent review of the criminal courts.
He will consider how to improve the courts’ efficiency, and we will report on that later in the year.
There will be, I believe, a wider role for technology to play in tagging and monitoring of exclusion zones and curfews.
I want to make sure that the justice system is in the best possible position to make use of emerging technology, so that we can keep our country safe.
The Lord Chancellor will accept that the effective use of electronic tags will not only make the criminal justice system more efficient, but mitigate the need for expensive prison places.
Does she agree that two things are necessary for that effective use?
First, the tags must be technically reliable; secondly, officials in her Department must have  the commercial capacity to manage the contracts efficiently.
If she agrees, what can be done to improve both those things?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman raises two incredibly important points.
There will be a bigger role for current, new and emerging technologies in the future of our justice system, particularly in expanding the range of punishment available to us outside of prison.
I want to make sure that we are at the forefront of getting the best use of our current technology and emerging tech.
He is absolutely right about making sure that any commercial contracts are value for money and maintain public confidence.
I am ensuring that, across the Department, we have expertise available to us, which is why the new unit that I have set up, Justice AI, will be so crucial to our efforts.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Under the Justice Secretary’s leadership, her Department let out dozens of dangerous prisoners by mistake last year.
Now we have uncovered that criminals who were let out early by her Department were not monitored for up to eight weeks, as they were not fitted with electronic tags.
It is another glaring error.
Will the Justice Secretary clear up some confusion?
How many criminals did her Department fail to tag?
Were any offences committed while these criminals went unmonitored, and who has been held accountable for this gross incompetence?
I am really concerned for the health of the shadow Justice Secretary, because he appears to have amnesia; he has forgotten who was in government just a few short months ago.
He appears to have entirely forgotten that it was the previous Government who let the tagging contract to Serco, which I have inherited.
I have made it clear that the delays that we have seen are totally unacceptable.
Although the backlog has been significantly reduced, Serco’s performance is still not good enough, and although last year’s backlog of outstanding visits has been substantially reduced—it is down to normal levels—I will continue to hold it to account and will not hesitate to impose further financial penalties where necessary.
We can all see that the Justice Secretary had no answers to my questions.
If her Department cannot even tag prisoners properly, why should the public have any confidence in her plan to use tags in place of short prison sentences?
The threshold for a prison sentence is already high.
Often, criminals have committed multiple offences before they are first considered for prison, which is why scrapping short sentences will endanger the public and will serve as a green light for criminality.
Will the Justice Secretary take this opportunity to reassure the public and rule out reducing sentences for burglary, theft or shoplifting?
It is a simple question—yes or no?
The public will know that when the right hon.
Gentleman’s Government left office, prisons were on the point of collapse.