They are also cracking down on the sale of dangerous knives, and have announced Ronan’s law, a range of measures that will include stricter rules for online retailers selling knives.
I welcome the steps that the Government are taking to address knife crime, and anything that can be done to reduce the number of young people who are drawn into this type of violence.
How will the new offence of possessing a knife with violent intent differ from existing legislation relating to possession of an article with a blade or point, or possession of an offensive weapon?
How far will the law go when it comes to proving intent?
Will it refer only to the posture of the individual when arrested—for example, they may have been caught in the act of a machete-style fight—or will it have regard to other factors, such as someone appearing in a scoreboard video on social media?
I welcome that question.
My understanding is that the hon.
Member is a member of the Crime and Policing Bill Committee that will be scrutinising the legislation.
indicated dissent.
Is he not?
I will welcome engagement with him, though, and his scrutiny as the legislation progresses through the House.
The Government are increasing penalties for illegal sales of knives, and are funding a new online police co-ordination hub, which will take action against illegal knife and weapon content online.
We also intend to consult later this year on the registration scheme for the online selling of knives.
A lot of work is being done in this space, and I look forward to engaging with him further on it.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle violence against women and girls.
First, I want to acknowledge something horrific that happened in my constituency over the weekend.
In Talbot Green, my constituent Joanne Penney was tragically shot and killed on Sunday night.
I pay tribute to the police, who took swift action, and my thoughts are of course with the victim, her friends and her family.
She will be mourned by our whole community.
Her loss has been deeply felt.
The Government have made an unprecedented commitment to halving violence against women and girls in a decade.
That is underpinned by our new strategy, which will be published shortly.
We have introduced new offences of creating deepfake intimate images and taking intimate images without consent.
We have also launched a new domestic abuse protection order in selected areas, including in Cleveland just last week, and we are determined to do more.
I am sure that the thoughts of the whole House are with the Minister’s constituent Joanne, and I am sorry for that loss.
The scale of violence against women and girls in my constituency of Leeds North West and across the country is intolerable.
Our manifesto commitment to halve violence against women and girls by the end of the decade, which the Minister mentioned, is much needed and ambitious.
How will her Department contribute to delivering this critical commitment?
Specifically, what steps does her Department plan to take to reduce the backlog of domestic violence cases, and to support victims of domestic abuse?
The Government are determined to meet our ambitious target of halving violence against women and girls over the course of a decade.
I proudly co-chair our cross-Government working group with the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , to look at how we can bring every Government Department to the table.
This issue is not just for the Ministry of Justice or Home Office to tackle; the onus is on all of us—every Department and all of society—to do better if we are to reach the target.