I thank my hon.
Friend.
I am very much looking forward to my meeting with the Sentencing Council later this week.
As I have made clear, I am looking into the roles and powers of the council, and I will not hesitate to legislate if I need to do so.
The two-tier sentencing guidelines take effect on  1 April .
If the Lord Chancellor is sincere about having a justice system that treats everyone equally, will she not support our Bill to block the guidelines?
I have already made my position clear.
I have written to the Sentencing Council, and I will be meeting it later this week.
I am reviewing the roles and powers of the council, and I will not hesitate to legislate if I need to do so.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
Last month, the Justice Committee heard evidence from governors of prisons with some of the highest drug use rates in the country.
From detecting drones to body scanners and physical barriers, they all felt under-resourced in technology and investment.
What is the Secretary of State doing to better equip prison staff to keep drugs out of prisons?
We have already pressed ahead with further measures on X-ray and baggage scanners, and we are taking action to deal with the problem of drones.
My hon.
Friend will be aware that, for security considerations, I am not going to give the detail of some of those mitigations and of our proposals for tackling drones, because they are used by those involved in serious organised crime.
However, I can assure him that I, Ministers and all officials, including those working across the prison estate, are seized of this matter, and we are determined to crack down on drones bringing drugs into our prisons.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I will make a statement on the collision that occurred between two vessels off the east coast of Yorkshire yesterday.
I want to begin by offering my sincere thanks to all those who are responding on the frontline, from His Majesty’s Coastguard to local emergency services.
This is a challenging situation, and I know that I speak for everyone in this House when I say that the responders’ ongoing efforts are both brave and hugely appreciated.
I also want to thank our international partners for their many offers of assistance to the UK and for the support from the maritime community.
This is a fast-moving situation, so let me set out the facts as I currently have them.
At 9.47 am on  Monday 10 March , the vessel MV Solong, sailing under the flag of Madeira, collided in the North sea with the anchored vessel MV Stena Immaculate, a fuel tanker sailing under the flag of the United States and operated by the US navy.
The collision occurred approximately 13 nautical miles off the coast.
Fire immediately broke out on both vessels and, after initial firefighting attempts were overwhelmed by the size and nature of the fire, both crews abandoned ship.
Firefighting and search and rescue operations, co-ordinated by His Majesty’s Coastguard, continued throughout the day yesterday, pausing in the evening once darkness fell.
Firefighting activity restarted this morning and I am pleased to say the fire on the Stena Immaculate appears to be extinguished, but the Solong continues to burn.
Although they became attached to each other during the collision, the Solong broke free of the Stena Immaculate late last night and began drifting southwards.
Modelling suggests that, should the Solong remain afloat, it will remain clear of land for the next few hours.
The assessment of HM Coastguard is, however, that it is unlikely the vessel will remain afloat.
Tugboats are in the vicinity to ensure that the Solong remains away from the coast and to respond as the situation develops.