It is a simple question—yes or no?
The public will know that when the right hon.
Gentleman’s Government left office, prisons were on the point of collapse.
They can have confidence that this Government will fix the mess that his party left behind.
We will ensure that prison places are always available for everyone who needs to be locked up to keep the public safe.
We will expand the range of  punishment outside prison and, crucially, we will ensure that those who enter the prison system can be helped to turn their back on crime.
That is the best strategy for cutting crime, and one that his party never chose.
Whether she plans to release land owned by her Department at Springhill Road to the Springhill Road Residents Association.
As the hon.
Member will know from his meeting with the Minster for Prisons in the other place, currently there are no plans to release land at Springhill Road.
The Ministry of Justice is working closely with local representatives to ensure that we bring benefits to the local community as part of the new prison build.
I am grateful for the Minister’s answer, and for the Prisons Minister’s time last summer.
Notwithstanding our local opposition to a new prison, it is an absurdity that has been going on for years that the MOJ owns the greens, the lampposts and the public lighting on the Springhill Road estate adjacent to HMP Spring Hill, even though they are of no use to the MOJ and there is no benefit to the prison estate.
The residents’ association is willing to take those greens and care for them, so that kids can play on them and residents can use them.
Will the Minister look again at getting the land transferred, because it is of no benefit to him or his Department?
Under the last Government, only 500 prison places were created.
By contrast, the last Labour Government delivered 27,830.
The Lord Chancellor has set out her ambition to deliver 14,000 new places by 2031.
Almost 1,500 of those will be provided by the new prison in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
If he writes to me about the specific concerns of the residents’ association, I will be happy to respond.
What steps she is taking through the criminal justice system to help prevent defendants absconding before their trial.
The decision to remand or bail an individual is solely a matter for the independent judiciary.
Courts are required to considered the likelihood of absconding as part of that decision.
The courts have the power to impose a broad range of robust bail conditions in the bail package, including electronic monitoring, exclusion zones and curfews.
This Government are committed to ensuring that criminals face justice and victims have peace of mind and closure.
After the conviction of eight men for a string of horrendous child rapes in my constituency, I would like to be able to inform the Secretary of State that all those men were now serving their just punishment.
However, two of them absconded from their trial and  are believed to be abroad.
Their exact whereabouts are an open secret in Keighley.
It is a shocking failure of the justice system that those men are still walking free.
Does the Minister agree that if a dual or foreign national is charged with disgusting child rape crimes, courts should be required to put terms on their bail that prevent them from leaving the country during their trial, so that they cannot walk free after their horrendous, heinous crimes?
I understand that the case to which the hon.
Gentleman refers took place under the last Government, and the men he referred to were tried in absentia.
The Home Secretary set out the steps that the Government are taking to tackle the terrible crimes of child sexual exploitation and abuse, including group-based child sexual exploitation.