Just last week, the Prisons Minister  in the other place attended a groundbreaking at HMP Highpoint, and we have already secured full planning permission for a new prison in Leicestershire and outline planning permission for a new prison in Buckinghamshire.
We are getting on with the job.
The Minister will know that the increase in prisoner numbers is often because of the logjam within the Crown court system, and there are too many on remand who are then convicted and released with time served, with no opportunity for rehabilitation or mentoring.
Will he confirm that that forms part of the sentencing review or the Leveson review?
That is why we are doing this big system relook.
The right hon.
Member is right to draw attention to this.
We are going to tackle it and sort  it out.
What support she has provided to prisons that have received an urgent notification since July 2024.
I thank the hon.
Member for drawing attention to the terrible legacy we inherited from the previous Government.
The Prisons Minister in the other place has personally visited three of the prisons that have recently received urgent notifications—Wandsworth, Winchester and Manchester—and plans to visit the fourth as soon as possible.
He has strengthened the UN process and meets regularly with governors and senior officials to challenge them and assure himself that sufficient progress is being made.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
Prison officers do an important job, and I thank every officer at Downview Prison in Banstead.
It is extremely concerning that the number of assaults on staff at Downview more than doubled between 2023 and 2024.
What steps is he taking to ensure that officers are protected in their day-to-day jobs?
As the hon.
Member rightly says, prison officers do an outstanding job.
The work of the Prison Service is to make sure they are properly supported and protected in that role, and that is what is going on.
What steps she is taking to tackle backlogs in the courts.
The last Government left a mess in every single corner of our justice system—our criminal courts and our civil courts.
In the process, they let down not just victims of crime but businesses, employees, employers and children in care; every part of our system was left in a complete mess.
That is what we are sorting out, with record Crown court sitting days—a commitment of 110,000 sitting days—and running almost to a maximum across all jurisdictions to bring down the backlog.
We are sorting out the mess that we were left with.
I agree with the Minister’s assessment of the previous Conservative Government.
However, with more than 382,000 cases still in the backlog for magistrates, have the Government done an assessment of whether that will increase, given the doubled sentencing powers that have been passed down to those courts?
The magistrates court is being run in a sustainable way.
We extended the sentencing powers in order to free up capacity in the Crown court, and that has been sustainable, and we are increasing capacity in our magistracy by recruiting an additional 2,000 magistrates from diverse backgrounds every year.
But that is why we are looking at system reform, whether in the magistrates court or the Crown courts.
We are going to need once-in-a-generation reform, and when Sir Brian Leveson reports back, that is what we will get.
Shockingly, just 4% of rape and sexual offences reported to Derbyshire police in the last year resulted in a charge.
When offenders are not prosecuted, victims understandably lose faith in our justice system.
What steps has the Minister taken to reduce backlogs in Derbyshire courts so that justice can be served for these despicable crimes?
I am sorry to hear how long victims in my hon.
Friend’s constituency are waiting.