The hon.
and learned Gentleman is right to confirm that an inquest should be an inquisitorial process.
It should not be adversarial either.
I will raise the issue that he has mentioned with the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, but what is deemed to be in scope of legislation is a matter for the House authorities and the Leader of the House.
Prison maintenance privatisation has been a complete and utter disaster.
When will it be taken back in-house?
We are investing approximately £500 million over two years in prison and probation service maintenance to improve conditions across our estate, but it is fair to say we have inherited a system in serious need of repair.
The estimated cost of bringing the prison estate to a fair condition and maintaining it till the end of the decade is £2.8 billion.
The programme is now under way, and we hope that we will make as much progress as possible.
rose—
If Members keep standing, it makes it easier for me.
One of the key objectives of the Sentencing Council is to ensure that there is parity of sentence up and down the country.
It is a known fact that people from ethnic minorities sometimes get tougher custodial sentences than their white counterparts for similar offences.
Given that, does the Lord Chancellor regret her attempt to discredit the considered and evidence-based conclusions of some of the most esteemed members of our judiciary when they published the guidelines on pre-sentencing reports?
What I am shocked about is that we can see a disparity in the overall cohort sentencing outcomes.
Everybody accepts that we are not quite sure why it is happening, and there has not been sufficient curiosity over the last few years to work out why that is the case.
My view is that if we can see a problem or think we have one, we need to get to the bottom of what is actually going on before we start coming up with broad policy solutions to fix that problem.
I also think that some of these broad policy decisions are better made by Ministers, because we are directly elected individuals who will pay the price for the consequences of our choices.
That is a conversation that I will pick up with the Sentencing Council when we meet later this week.
In 2020, Lorraine Cox was brutally murdered in Exeter.
Her murderer dismembered her body, and as a result her family have never been able to fully lay Lorraine to rest.
Her father, Tony Cox, has been campaigning for the implementation of Helen’s law 2, meaning that desecrating or concealing a body would become a separate criminal offence.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss whether the implementation of Helen’s law 2 is possible?
I will happily meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that further.
What are this Government doing to crack down on unqualified people representing themselves as solicitors?
As the hon.
Member well knows, the solicitors profession is highly regulated.
We have the Solicitors Regulation Authority, which itself is regulated by the Legal Services Board.
All our professionals, whether they are practising in criminal or civil law, are highly respected and highly regulated, and we are indebted to them.
I was shocked to read the Sentencing Council’s response to the Secretary of State last night, with its arrogant tone.
As she has said, this Parliament is sovereign, and the fact is that we have given too much power away to these unelected bodies in recent years.
Can I reassure her of my support, and can she reassure me that she will not rest until we retain equality before the law?
I thank my hon.
Friend.
I am very much looking forward to my meeting with the Sentencing Council later this week.