We have to have a whole-system reform, but I fear that if we were to exclude those options, we would not be gripping the problem.
A significant proportion of those who experience homelessness are ex-offenders.
I have previously raised concerns that the drive to alleviate the prison places crisis must not add to the homelessness emergency.
The Deputy Prime Minister is in the process of establishing an inter-ministerial group on tackling homelessness.
Will my right hon.
Friend’s Department play a full and active role in that inter-ministerial group, and ensure that Ministers and officials from the Ministry of Justice are adequately represented?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point, and the Ministry of Justice will play a full part in the inter-ministerial group.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s attempts to prevent the Sentencing Council from changing the sentencing process, which would lead to a two-tier justice system.
If, however, the council will not budge—as appears to be the case—a two-tier justice system will arrive in just 21 days, contradicting the key principle of the legal system that everyone should be equal before the law without discrimination.
Will the Secretary of State introduce legislation immediately to ensure that that two-tier justice system does not come about?
I have already set out exactly what I am going to do.
I have written to the Sentencing Council, using the powers that I have to do so, and I will be meeting it later this week.
I have made it very clear that I will consider its role and powers, and if I need to legislate, I will not hesitate to do so.
One of my constituents has endured prolonged financial abuse due to drawn-out divorce financial order proceedings, which largely ignore domestic abuse except in rare cases.
Will the Minister commit to reviewing financial settlement proceedings guidance to ensure that the impact of domestic abuse is properly considered, and to prevent the legal system from being used as a tool of continued coercion and control?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his important question, and my thoughts are with his constituent as she navigates this difficulty.
The Government will consider carefully the 2024 report on financial provision on divorce, in which the Law Commission looked into the specific issue of domestic abuse as a factor.
Later this year the Government will consult on the delivery of our manifesto commitment to strengthen the rights and protections of cohabiting couples, because all abuse is abuse, financial or otherwise.
When someone enters this country illegally from another country to which we are not allowed to deport them, and when they have previously expressed support for terrorism and terrorist organisations, but not in this jurisdiction, is the Secretary of State content that the Government have enough powers to protect the community from such a person walking free in our society?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises an incredibly important point.
I am discussing with the Home Secretary the full range of powers that we need to have at our disposal, and she has already made it clear that we will not hesitate to act further if we need to.
However, it is important that we are able to deport offenders who pose a risk to our country.
Last week, at a Justice Committee hearing, it was confirmed that an effective probation service is essential to the rehabilitation of offenders and to prevent reoffending.
However, over the years the service has been under immense strain owing to increased demand.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that probation officers have manageable caseloads, and that support is provided for their mental health and wellbeing to avoid high levels of stress and burnout, and also to help with the recruitment and retention of staff?
Let me take this opportunity to pay tribute to the probation service.
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the chaotic running of the service under the last Government.