I proudly co-chair our cross-Government working group with the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , to look at how we can bring every Government Department to the table.
This issue is not just for the Ministry of Justice or Home Office to tackle; the onus is on all of us—every Department and all of society—to do better if we are to reach the target.
We have funded a record number of Crown court sitting days to hit the backlog and tackle it head-on.
The majority of domestic abuse cases are heard in the magistrates court, and we are determined to do more to reach vulnerable victims.
May I thank the Minister for her answer, and also extend my thoughts to Joanne’s family and friends?
In recent years, women and girls have increasingly expressed distrust in the ability of the justice system to resolve cases of violence and sexual harassment, as so few of those events result in prosecution.
What steps is the Minister taking to restore trust in the justice system, so that my constituents in Erewash know that they have somewhere to turn when they are targeted by such hate crimes?
As part of this Government’s safer streets mission, we have committed to improving confidence in the police and the criminal justice system.
We will introduce specialist rape and sexual offence teams in every police force, as well as domestic abuse experts in 999 control rooms.
We will also give victims of adult rape access to an independent legal adviser to help them understand and uphold their rights from day one.
I want every victim, whether in Erewash or in Pontypridd, to know that they are heard, and that this Government support them.
May I associate myself with colleagues’ comments about the tragic events in the Minister’s constituency?
Back in 2021, a young woman in my constituency was the victim of an alleged assault.
Even now, in 2025, she advises that there has been no trial, and she worries that she could run into the accused around town.
What can be done to expedite such cases in which violence is alleged, to better protect our citizens and ensure that our streets are safe from crime?
The Government are committed to bearing down on the caseload and bringing waiting times down for victims.
Since July, we have put more funding into Crown courts, so that they will have their greatest capacity ever, and we have doubled magistrates’ sentencing powers to free up time for the Crown courts, so that they can hear the most serious cases.
We have also commissioned Sir Brian Leveson to recommend once-in-a-generation reforms to our criminal courts, and we look forward to receiving his report in the spring.
I recently met a distressed constituent who escaped a very abusive marriage, only for the courts to order a financial settlement that allows her ex-husband to still exert financial control over her.
I was shocked to discover that the financial remedies court relies on outdated legislation—the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973, which does not allow domestic abuse to be taken into consideration in a settlement.
What consideration has the Minister given to the Law Commission’s recent scoping report on the issue, which recommends significant reform?
This Government are determined to tackle all forms of abuse, including financial abuse.
I am aware of the report that the hon.
Lady mentions.
We are considering the findings closely, and will report back soon.
I went to visit a lady in Ashfield who had been beaten black and blue and then locked in a cupboard by her boyfriend.
He was arrested and she made a statement, but because of his controlling behaviour in the relationship—he was in  control of the finances and was also her employer—she had him back.
When she finally had the courage to kick him out, the police would not prosecute the man.