The Government inherited prisons on the point of collapse and a record and rising backlog in our courts.
Eight months into office, the work of restoring justice in this country is well under way.
Since the last Justice questions, I have announced record  investment in our courts, and next year Crown courts will sit for up to 110,000 days, which is the highest allocation in recorded history.
I have also announced vital reforms to the probation service, increasing its focus on medium and high-risk offenders, alongside recruiting 1,300 new probation officers.
I also visited Texas, where a tough and smart approach has reduced reoffending, cut crime to its lowest levels in the US since the 1960s, and brought its prison population under control.
There is much that we will learn from that law and order state, particularly how we get offenders to turn their backs on a life of crime.
Through our plan for change, the Government are delivering swifter justice, using punishment to cut crime, and making our streets safer.
On average, more than 130 people every week across the UK die from drug-related causes.
That is more than 6,500 families and homes devasted each year by that tragic loss of life, including more than 200 in Northern Ireland alone.
Will the Secretary of State commit to working with each of the devolved Administrations to prioritise prevention and review enforcement against the use of all illegal substances?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an incredibly important point.
Fixing the problems that he notes requires work by not just the Ministry of Justice, but the devolved Administrations and the Home Office.
I will ensure that he can engage with the relevant Ministers on the issues he raises.
Last year, assaults on prison staff were up by 19% and serious assaults were up by 22%, yet the pensionable age of prison officers is still 68—it is simply too late.
Can the Minister update the House on any discussions he may have had with officials regarding that industrial injustice and say when these loyal public servants might expect to see this long-standing issue corrected?
We recognise the unique and challenging role that prison officers play in protecting the public and reducing reoffending.
The Lord Chancellor has requested advice from officials on the pension age of prison officers, and we will continue to engage with trade unions as we work through this complex issue while considering the wider fiscal context.
I am meeting  the hon.
Member for Aberdeenshire North and Moray East (Seamus Logan)  to discuss this important issue next week, and I am very happy for my hon.
Friend to join that meeting if he wishes.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Yesterday, the Sentencing Council issued a letter correcting the Justice Secretary.
It made it clear that the new sentencing guidelines were not the same as the draft guidance under the last Government and explained that her Department supported the new two-tier guidance—her representative was at the meeting—and it was approved on  24 January .
Her officials were even given a walkthrough on  3 March —a dummy’s guide to two-tier justice.
After I brought that to her attention last Wednesday, her team briefed the  papers that she was “incandescent”.
Was she incandescent at her officials or at her own failure to read her papers and do her job properly?
The shadow Lord Chancellor’s amnesia continues, because he clearly has not done his homework; he has forgotten that his Government were consulted extensively on this guidance.
It also appears that he cannot read, because the letter states very clearly all the consultation that took place under his Government.
It shows that they were consulted numerous times on the new guidance and welcomed it—I notice that he did not refer to that.