The Ministry of Justice recognises the benefits of mentoring in resettlement and is currently reviewing our approach to peer mentoring to make sure it is consistent and effective.
There are many excellent organisations delivering a range of peer-led rehabilitation support, including Ingeus, Wizer and the Wise Group.
At my surgery a couple of weeks ago, I had two fantastic volunteers show up from Sutton Night Watch, a local homeless charity.
They had been working with prisoners, both before and after they left their cells, to help them reintegrate into the community.
They are doing fantastic work, but they now need to expand.
They need more space and more people.
Can the Minister explain what support is available to volunteers like them to help them to do their work with prisoners?
I applaud the work that the hon.
Member describes.
It is certainly the sort of work that needs to continue.
Overall, the levels of homelessness and rough sleeping that we have inherited are far too high.
We are working closely with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to develop a long-term strategy to put us back on track to end homelessness.
If he wishes to write to me about that particular case, I will follow it up.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
As part of the Justice Committee’s work on rehabilitation, I have come across some excellent projects on preventing reoffending, such as Revolving Doors, Peer Support and Key4Life, that use reformed ex-offenders as mentors.
On a visit to Wormwood Scrubs prison last month, I saw the Right Course restaurant, which gets almost 60% of its trainees into employment on release.
What are the Government doing to support and expand successful rehabilitation projects like these?
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee for his identification of these very good actions that are going on within the prison estate.
The Prison Service is keen to encourage all this sort of activity, and I will follow this up with my hon.
Friend directly.
I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the efforts to help prison leavers to reintegrate, but I am concerned that this Government will soon be keeping people out of prison who should be there as part of their proper punishment for offending.
The Government commissioned a sentencing review running on that very premise, and that review recently released its interim report.
Can the Minister point to anywhere in that entire 65-page report that has anything to say about the evidence of what victims want?
The sentencing review’s interim report describes the situation at the moment, and it is the first stage of that independent review’s addressing this long-standing issue.
Frankly, this is something that the Conservatives spent the last 14 years avoiding tackling.
That is—[Interruption.]
I will leave it there.
The House will have heard very starkly that the Minister did not offer me any clarity.
I can help him by telling him that there is not one word anywhere on the expectations of victims of crime and their families—[Interruption.]
Not one word.
Worse than that, it cherry-picks evidence from reports to support a narrative that an ill-informed public do not know what they want and do not understand.
Does the Minister agree that for that review to have any credibility whatsoever, it must engage seriously with what victims and the public want when it comes to the use of prison for the punishment of serious offenders?
We heard fully the commitment from the Under-Secretary of State for Justice, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones) , and the Lord Chancellor that victims are front and centre of our approach to fixing the mess that the Conservatives left us.
There is a victims representative on the panel, as the hon.
Member well knows.
Victims were fully involved and engaged in this.