I pay tribute to the Humberside local resilience forum, which is made up of the police, the fire and rescue team, local authorities, the Red Cross, the NHS, the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, the clinical commissioning group, the Royal Navy, police and crime commissioners, the ambulance service, Border Force, environmental agencies, the Ministry of Defence, ABP Humber Ports, the Met Office and the UK Health Security Agency.
Those teams are all working at pace to assess any risks to local people that may occur.
There have been many press reports on the manifest, but the facts are the facts.
There were 220,000 barrels of A1 jet fuel on the Immaculate, and the MCA is working at pace to establish the cargo on the Solong, which  sailed from Grangemouth.
Hopefully, as soon as we have that information from the manifest, we will make it available to the House.
I join the Minister in saluting the heroic rescuers and mourning the loss of the seaman.
Mr Speaker, you may share some of my frustration at the lack of communication with Members of this House regarding yesterday’s maritime disaster off the Holderness coast in my constituency.
Apart from a brief phone call following my reaching out to the Secretary of State for Transport, I spoke to the leader of East Riding of Yorkshire council, the police and crime commissioner and local councillors.
All were struggling to get information as to what was going on just miles off the coast.
My constituents from Kilsney, Easington, Withernsea, Aldborough and beyond deserve better.
I must ask the Minister why it took so long for the local resilience forum to be set up.
Is he confident that we have the proper structures of governance in place when a disaster such as this happens?
How can we ensure that communications are improved?
What work is being done to protect the puffins, wildlife and beaches in our area?
And how can we ensure that the agencies responsible are held to account?
Perhaps the Minister can comment on why he was missing in action yesterday.
We would have loved to have heard not just from 24-hour rolling media but from a member of our own elected Government about what was happening with this terrible disaster.
Mr Speaker, I was dealing with the situation—[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
The Secretary of State made a statement.
We stood up the Maritime and Coastguard Agency and, within minutes, a response was ongoing.
The right hon.
Member had a call from a member of staff of the Secretary of State within an hour or two of the incident.
He was kept fully informed.
The local Humberside resilience forum was established.
We deployed assets for marine protection at the site.
I am not sure what he is asking for, but I am very proud of our agencies—both local and national—that have worked at pace to get us to where we are currently.
I welcome the Minister’s timely statement and would like to associate myself with his praise for the swift response of the emergency services and the RNLI volunteers.
Over recent years, fishermen along the east coast of Yorkshire, including Scarborough and Whitby, have battled to keep going against the background of the effects of the crustacean die-off.
They are naturally extremely concerned by reports of jet fuel possibly leaking into the sea.
I do appreciate that this is a fast-moving situation, but can my hon.
Friend tell the House more about the counter-pollution measures that are in place and also how predicted weather conditions will affect the ongoing operation?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
Yes, I know that Members on the north-east coast from both sides of this House have been worried over a number of years about the crustacean die-off.