We are also indebted to the emergency services, the Royal National Lifeboat Institution and the coastguard for their tireless work through the night.
I know they are doing all they can to limit the damage and the environmental impact, and have done so much to minimise the loss of life.
While it will take time to establish what has taken place, it is clear that the Government need to take urgent steps to limit the damage and reassure local communities.
I welcome the Government’s formation of the tactical co-ordination group and the work it is doing with other agencies.
I appreciate that the situation is still unfolding and that many questions cannot be answered at this stage.
However, will the Minister say first what immediate steps the Government are taking to protect the environment along the east coast?
Secondly, what is he doing to keep   shipping routes open and safe?
Thirdly, what is the Government’s plan to support fishing and other businesses that rely on waters that might now be contaminated?
I join the hon.
Gentleman in paying tribute to maritime workers.
Just as they kept us fed, fuelled and supplied all the way through covid, they keep our nation fed, fuelled and supplied every day of every week.
I cannot commend them highly enough.
I also join with him in paying tribute to the emergency services.
This is difficult, hard work and they are doing an exceptional job in the circumstances.
As I have said, the MCA is standing by with marine and aerial counter-pollution measures in place.
Once we get the fire on the Solong out, we will begin to assess the situation and deploy them.
It is vital that we keep shipping lanes in the Humber estuary open as best we can as this continues, which is why we have placed a 1,000-metre exclusion zone around both ships.
Outside that, maritime vessels can operate normally—as normally as is possible in this circumstance.
I thank the Minister for his communication with me through this unfolding situation and everybody who has been involved in it.
The situation is evolving minute by minute, and I pay tribute to the local RNLI, coastguard and emergency services for their rapid rescue response, and to the local community, who have been heavily involved in readying themselves for any potential ecological or environmental fallout from this incident.
As the Minister may be aware, Ernst Russ, which owns the Solong, has now put out a statement saying that it has been “misreported” that the hazardous chemical was on board the Solong, and that
“There are four empty containers that have previously contained the hazardous chemical,”
which it will continue to monitor.
I wonder whether the Minister has had any success in tracking down the manifest for the Solong so that we can reassure my constituents and put their minds at ease as to exactly what was on that vessel.
I would also like to know when the Minister is expecting the initial report from the marine accident investigation branch so that we can understand what on earth happened in this most extraordinary of events.
I thank my hon.
Friend for keeping in contact with me throughout the night and this morning.
Just before the election, we both visited the command and control centre in her constituency to see the excellent facilities in place.
I pay tribute to the Humberside local resilience forum, which is made up of the police, the fire and rescue team, local authorities, the Red Cross, the NHS, the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, the clinical commissioning group, the Royal Navy, police and crime commissioners, the ambulance service, Border Force, environmental agencies, the Ministry of Defence, ABP Humber Ports, the Met Office and the UK Health Security Agency.
Those teams are all working at pace to assess any risks to local people that may occur.
There have been many press reports on the manifest, but the facts are the facts.