Modelling suggests that, should the Solong remain afloat, it will remain clear of land for the next few hours.
The assessment of HM Coastguard is, however, that it is unlikely the vessel will remain afloat.
Tugboats are in the vicinity to ensure that the Solong remains away from the coast and to respond as the situation develops.
I want to be clear that, while 1,000-metre temporary exclusion zones have been established around both vessels, maritime traffic through the Humber estuary is continuing.
The full crew of 23 on the MV Stena Immaculate are accounted for and on shore.
One sailor was treated at the scene, but declined any further medical assistance.
Thirteen of the 14 sailors of the MV Solong are accounted for.
Search and rescue operations for the missing sailor continued throughout yesterday, but were called off yesterday evening at the point at which the chances of their survival had unfortunately significantly diminished.
Our working assumption is, very sadly, that the sailor is deceased.
The coastguard has informed the company, and it has been advised to inform the next of kin.
Our thoughts are with the sailor’s loved ones at this time.
Regarding the cargo on the vessels, the MV Stena was carrying 220,000 barrels of jet fuel, which was the source of the fire.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency is working at pace to determine exactly what cargo the Solong is carrying.
I am aware of media reporting about potential hazardous materials on board, but we are unable to confirm that at this time.
However, counter-pollution measures and assets are already in place, and both vessels are being closely monitored for structural integrity.
A tactical co-ordination group has been established through the Humber and Lincolnshire local resilience forum.
The marine accident investigation branch has deployed to the site and begun its investigation.
The MCA is rapidly developing a plan to salvage the vessels, once it is safe to do so.
The Department for Transport will continue working closely with the Cabinet Office, other Government agencies and the resilience forum on the response.
Colleagues across the House will appreciate that the situation is still unfolding as I speak.
I will try to answer questions from hon.
Members with as much detail as possible and with the latest information I have at my disposal.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Minister.
I thank the Minister for advance sight of his statement.
Yesterday morning, shortly before 10 am, the container ship MV Solong collided with the oil tanker MV Stena Immaculate, which was at anchor in the North sea off the coast of Yorkshire.
The Stena Immaculate was on a short-term charter to the US navy’s military sealift command and was carrying 220,000 barrels of jet fuel.
The Minister has not formally confirmed the cargo of the Solong, a Madeira-flagged vessel, but it has been widely reported that it was carrying 15 containers of toxic sodium cyanide.
I listened to the statement carefully, but can the Minister confirm that that is now not his understanding?
The collision and the resulting spill are deeply concerning.
However, before questioning the Minister on the Government’s response, I join him in paying tribute to HM Coastguard, the Royal National Lifeboat Institution, the emergency services, and all others who helped to respond to the incident.
As the Minister noted, the emergency services were on the scene swiftly and their actions saved many lives.
Approaching fiercely burning vessels with a risk of explosion takes enormous bravery and we all commend them.
I am grateful for the confirmation that all mariners from the Stena Immaculate have been recovered without injury, and that 13 of the 14 crew members from the Solong have been brought safely ashore.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and colleagues of the missing member of that crew.