In a recent debate on emergency response services, we heard that though lives are lost at sea, some succour and comfort is given by the rescue services, who often bring people’s loved ones back to them for a proper funeral and burial.
Whether there was foul play is, I think, speculation; there is no evidence to suggest that at the moment.
Through the MCA, we are in contact with our American and Portuguese counterparts and have liaised with them.
On the counter-pollution measures that the shadow Minister mentioned, the MCA is standing by with marine and aerial counter-pollution measures, which it will use at the necessary time.
However, the immediate concern is to put out the fire on the Solong.
The shadow Minister mentioned the issue of drift.
The Immaculate remains anchored, so we are safe there; it is the Solong that is drifting at 2 nautical miles per hour.
It is currently being shadowed by two tugboats, and the order will be given by SOSREP or the MCA to intervene as and when necessary to protect life onshore.
The shadow Minister is right about the marine accident investigation branch.
We have deployed those assets to the scene.
They are currently working with the local resilience forum, and I want to pass on my thanks to the Humberside resilience forum at this time.
I can assure him that Government agencies are working together effectively and have been giving Ministers and the Secretary of State regular updates through situation reports as the night went on and the day continues.
I call the Chair of the Transport Committee.
I endorse the Minister’s thanks to the frontline workers who have been involved, and his concern for and condolences to the missing mariner’s family.
While we wait for the reports on how this appalling tragedy happened, which will have to be done, will the Minister confirm how routes are being managed while the Solong is drifting, and whether further protection of routes will be needed because of pollution in order not to delay further movement of shipping in these busy waters and to protect the welfare of seafarers in other ships?
I thank the Chair of the Transport Committee for that question.
It is an incredibly busy sea highway, as we all know.
I had the great honour of visiting the command and control post of the Humber estuary on what was almost my last visit as shadow Maritime Minister just before the general election, and I pay tribute to the workers there for their hard work in dealing with this situation.
I want to assure the Chair of the Transport Committee that the Immaculate was anchored; it is the Solong that is drifting.
There is a 1,000-metre exclusion zone around both vessels.
Other assets are currently allowed to traverse the Humber estuary.
If that changes, I will make that information available during the day.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I thank the Minister for advance sight of his statement.
The scenes we have all witnessed in news reports are very concerning, and our thoughts are with all those affected and with the family of the crew member who remains unaccounted for.
This event reminds us of the risks and dangers faced by those who work in the maritime sector.
These men and women often work long, challenging hours, keeping our country and economy going with little—if any—recognition, and we are hugely grateful to them.
We are also indebted to the emergency services, the Royal National Lifeboat Institution and the coastguard for their tireless work through the night.
I know they are doing all they can to limit the damage and the environmental impact, and have done so much to minimise the loss of life.
While it will take time to establish what has taken place, it is clear that the Government need to take urgent steps to limit the damage and reassure local communities.