Let me take this opportunity to pay tribute to the probation service.
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the chaotic running of the service under the last Government.
We are actively monitoring the effectiveness of the probation reset policy and assessing its impact on workload capacity, the time saved, and the increased focus on individuals posing the highest risk to public safety.
We recognise the significant pressure that probation officers have been under, which is why comprehensive wellbeing support models have been put in place across our services, including dedicated wellbeing leads for both prison and probation services.
What work is the Secretary of State doing with the Victims’ Commissioner to ensure that the families of British citizens who are murdered abroad have the same rights as the families of homicide victims in the United Kingdom?
I regularly meet both the Victims’ Commissioner for England and Wales and the London Victims’ Commissioner to consider all issues affecting victims and their families.
We are strengthening the powers of the Victims’ Commissioner through legislation, we will be strengthening the victims code, and we will of course consider any other measures that are needed to protect victims and their families wherever they may be.
On several occasions I have met my constituent Beverley, whose son suffered a horrific murder.
He was stabbed more than 140 times.
She has been desperately attempting to get hold of the court transcripts, but to no avail.
Will Ministers please meet me to help this still grieving mum?
I am really horrified to hear of that case.
Of course, as I mentioned earlier, the transcript of sentencing remarks should have been made available free of charge, but I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss how transcripts of trials more broadly can be made available.
On Radio 4’s “Today” programme last week, Matthew Ryder KC, who sits as a judge, praised the extreme helpfulness of pre-sentencing reports for passing effective sentences.
Will the Secretary of State do as he asks and endorse the importance, value and independence of the Sentencing Council?
We all agree across the House, I hope, that pre-sentencing reports play a vital role in ensuring that whoever is passing a sentence has all the relevant facts at their disposal.
I do not believe that access to such reports, or whether a sentencer asks for them, should be dictated by race or ethnic background.
They should be made available, and I would like to see more use of pre-sentencing reports across the board for every type of offender.
Manchester Metropolitan University estimates that over 1,000 people are convicted under joint enterprise each year, costing the taxpayer £1.2 billion.
Does the Minister agree that we need to amend the law on joint enterprise to free up spaces in our prisons?
The law on joint enterprise has already developed somewhat since the previous Court of Appeal decision.
I know that the Director of Public Prosecutions is keeping under review how prosecuting decisions are made.
At this point we have no plans to go further, but I am happy to ensure that my hon.
Friend can meet the relevant Minister.
Across the United Kingdom, inquests are defined as being for the purpose of finding out who the deceased was, and how, when and where they died; they are not trials and they are not about assigning blame, even when they are extended into article 2 investigations.
Yet in Northern Ireland we have had findings of blame in respect of SAS soldiers killing active terrorists.
Does the Minister agree that the Crime and Policing Bill affords an opportunity, through suitable amendment, to bring uniformity to the operation of inquests across the United Kingdom?
The hon.
and learned Gentleman is right to confirm that an inquest should be an inquisitorial process.
It should not be adversarial either.