Approaching fiercely burning vessels with a risk of explosion takes enormous bravery and we all commend them.
I am grateful for the confirmation that all mariners from the Stena Immaculate have been recovered without injury, and that 13 of the 14 crew members from the Solong have been brought safely ashore.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and colleagues of the missing member of that crew.
I understand that the search for life has concluded, but can the Minister update the House on the efforts being made to recover that mariner?
Turning to the collision itself, the Minister confirmed that early investigations do not point to foul play, but will he commit to remaining vigilant to ensure that any indications of foul play are carefully investigated?
Additionally, will he inform the House of the impact on the investigative process of the involvement of ships registered in both the US and Madeira?
Have the Government contacted the respective Governments to ensure their close co-operation?
The Minister will be aware of the deep concern over the effect of the oil spill on the surrounding marine environment.
Environmental organisations have warned of potentially devastating impacts of pollution from the tankers on the habitats and species in the area, including threatened seabird colonies, grey seals and fish, and  nature-rich sites such as the Humber estuary, where conservationists have been restoring seagrass and oysters, could be devastated by this emergency.
Has he been briefed by the Environment Agency on its response, and could he give us more details on it?
The Minister made reference to the drift of the Solong and the risk of it running aground without intervention.
Can he update the House on the steps that will be taken to ensure that that does not happen?
I understand that the marine accident investigation branch has begun a preliminary investigation into the emergency, and I am pleased that the Minister is working closely with the Maritime and Coastguard Agency as it conducts an assessment on the counter-pollution response that may be required over the coming days.
However, I seek assurances that the Government will engage closely with local communities, who will be concerned about the impact of the collision on their environment.
The incident involves multiple Departments spanning emergency response, environmental protection, maritime safety, defence and chemical transport regulation, and effective cross-Government co-ordination is therefore crucial.
Will the Minister assure the House that such co-ordination is taking place and that Parliament will receive regular updates?
It is, of course, too early to draw significant conclusions at this stage, but it is clear that something went terribly wrong in the handling of these two vessels.
We will support the Minister in whatever action is needed to ensure the highest standards of safety on the high seas.
The shadow Minister is exactly right: something did go terribly wrong.
My thoughts and prayers are with the missing sailor’s family.
The company has been informed, and his next of kin are being informed.
In response to the series of questions the shadow Minister asked, we know for sure that the Immaculate was carrying 220,000 barrels of Jet A-1 fuel, but we are yet to establish the cargo of the Solong; as soon as I know, I will make that information available to the House.
We will do everything to recover the body of the mariner.
In a recent debate on emergency response services, we heard that though lives are lost at sea, some succour and comfort is given by the rescue services, who often bring people’s loved ones back to them for a proper funeral and burial.
Whether there was foul play is, I think, speculation; there is no evidence to suggest that at the moment.
Through the MCA, we are in contact with our American and Portuguese counterparts and have liaised with them.