I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
Yes, I know that Members on the north-east coast from both sides of this House have been worried over a number of years about the crustacean die-off.
There is a concern that jet oil could well be leaking into the sea, but every resource is being deployed by the MCA and other agencies to assess the extent of the pollution, and every resource will be deployed to clean up that pollution.
I happen to be meeting fishermen organisations later in the week for separate reasons, so I hope to be able to update them with further information about their valuable trade at that time.
I have been in communication with Liberal Democrat councillors in the East Riding of Yorkshire and also the Liberal Democrat administration in Hull.
Yesterday, the leader of the council, Mike Ross, raised the call for a rapid response from Government, and I really push the Minister to provide clarity on what exactly we should be seeing from a tactical co-ordination group and whether there is Government commitment to cover any environmental or economic impact.
Moreover, what more support will we see down the line if there are long-term consequences as a result of the pollution?
It is standard procedure to bring on board local resilience forums in any situation such as this.
That has been done: the forum is up and running.
I am grateful to all elected Members across the parties and hard-working councillors who will be involved in making sure that the best interests of the people of the Humber region are protected.
We have currently deployed on site all the resources that are needed to contain the fire and to assess the environmental damage of any spillage.
We will continue to make decisions in conjunction with the local resilience forum through the day and, I believe, for the rest of the week.
I wish to add my voice to the call made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scarborough and Whitby (Alison Hume)  given the very perilous position of the Teesside and North Yorkshire marine ecosystem following the environmental disaster we suffered in 2021.
I ask the Minister to ensure that the response is not only around the Humber estuary, but that he reviews the environmental impact for the entire east coast as well.
As I have said, the MCA’s counter-pollution assets are being deployed at the scene.
The RNLI, search and rescue and aviation have all been on site, although search and rescue has been stood down.
Both vessels were also carrying marine heavy fuel oil.
That is a present pollution risk should either vessel sink or break apart.
I thank the Minister for his statement today and echo his comments about the missing sailor.
I also add my thanks to all those who have been involved in the rescue operation, particularly those at the RNLI station in Bridlington.
My constituents are rightly concerned about the potential environmental and ecological impact, not least because we have the biggest bird colony in mainland Britain, Bempton and Flamborough in Bridlington have the largest shellfish landing port in the UK, and we have around 5 million visitors to the area every year, enjoying the beaches from Bridlington down to Hornsea.
Has the Minister yet had any assessment of the direction of any potential pollution and the role that currents and wind direction will play in where that pollution might eventually end up?