I understand that the case to which the hon.
Gentleman refers took place under the last Government, and the men he referred to were tried in absentia.
The Home Secretary set out the steps that the Government are taking to tackle the terrible crimes of child sexual exploitation and abuse, including group-based child sexual exploitation.
Through the Crime and Policing Bill, we are legislating to make grooming an aggravating factor in the sentencing of child sexual offences, to ensure that it is properly reflected in the sentencing of perpetrators.
What steps she is taking to reduce the cost of court transcripts for victims.
The Government recognise just how important accessing transcripts can be for certain victims.
That is why transcripts of sentencing remarks are available free of charge to the families of victims of fatal road offences, murder and manslaughter.
It is also why this Government are running a one-year pilot that offers free sentencing remarks to victims of rape and sexual offences.
That is due to conclude in May.
We are also looking in the round at how we lower the cost of obtaining a court transcript through increased use of technology.
The previous Government launched a pilot scheme to provide free sentencing remarks to victims of sexual violence.
However, thousands of eligible survivors only found out about it months after it started.
Poor communication meant that victims missed out on the opportunity for some closure.
Will the Justice Secretary confirm whether the pilot has been properly evaluated, whether its findings will be made public, and what steps will be taken to improve awareness and accessibility for those who need to use the scheme?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right that initially there was not enough uptake.
The Government acted to drum up awareness of the scheme precisely because we want to test its effectiveness for victims of rape and serious sexual offences.
I reassure her that application numbers are up.
We are conducting the evaluation, and once we have the results, we will be able to test whether we can implement the scheme in the future.
What steps her Department is taking to help support victims of knife crime through the criminal justice system.
The Ministry of Justice provides funding for victim support services to help victims recover from the impact of crime, including knife crime.
The Government have committed to the creation of a new programme, Young Futures, which will offer support to children who are at risk of being drawn into crime in a more systemic way.
Does the Minister agree that the support she has outlined for the victims of knife  crime will continue to be essential in our justice system, and that it is essential to work alongside devolved Administrations to raise awareness of the tragic  impact of knife crime on communities across the UK?
Communities in Glenrothes and Mid Fife feel particularly strongly about knife crime, and about the sale of knives online, following deeply concerning knife offences involving young people.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that really important question.
As a Member of Parliament representing a devolved nation, I wholly agree.
It is important that we work across the board to tackle this issue, which is not solely about England; all of us must do better.
The Government are taking firm action and putting in place stronger consequences for carrying a knife.
They are also cracking down on the sale of dangerous knives, and have announced Ronan’s law, a range of measures that will include stricter rules for online retailers selling knives.
I welcome the steps that the Government are taking to address knife crime, and anything that can be done to reduce the number of young people who are drawn into this type of violence.
How will the new offence of possessing a knife with violent intent differ from existing legislation relating to possession of an article with a blade or point, or possession of an offensive weapon?