It is right to acknowledge that the implementation of truly holistic legacy mechanisms, which can provide families across the UK and Ireland with as much information as possible about the circumstances of their particular case, will require the co-operation of both the UK and Irish Governments to facilitate the disclosure of information held by authorities in both jurisdictions.
This Government consider the Irish Government to be an essential partner in the process of seeking a way forward on legacy issues that is human rights compliant and can command public confidence across communities.
Turning to the Omagh bombing inquiry, last month’s commemorative hearings were a painful reminder of the impact of cowardly terrorist actions on communities and families.
Victims do not need hearings, inquiries or commemorative days to know that; they live with it every day.
The Secretary of State has received political assurances from the Irish Government on their full co-operation with the UK inquiry.
That is important and should be welcomed.
The Irish Government are currently working at pace to determine how to facilitate  that in practice through a memorandum of understanding.
The right hon.
Gentleman’s comments in the Chamber today will not have gone unnoticed.
The details of those arrangements are ultimately a matter for the inquiry, which rightly is independent of the Government, but I agree with him that they should provide for the greatest possible level of co-operation from Irish authorities.
The Government look forward to seeing those details in due course.
In the meantime, our focus remains on ensuring that the UK inquiry that has been established can successfully fulfil its terms of reference.
I close by remembering all those who have been killed by cowardly terrorist acts.
I pay tribute to everyone who is carrying on—not getting over what happened, but getting on and working around the gap of the people they lost, or of their own life that they had before, despite the grief that can engulf them.
They are getting up every day when it is not getting easier, remembering people who should be here and are not.
They are not giving up on getting answers and justice for their relatives, families and friends.
In the memory of all who have died, we will keep taking action against terrorism and for peace and justice.
We will remember.
Question put and agreed to.
House adjourned.
Tuesday 12 March 2025
Division 114 (cols.
960-962)
Add to the Noes:
Division 115 (cols.
964-966)
Add to the Noes:
Division 116 (cols.
968-970)
Add to the Noes:
Division 117 (cols.
978-981)
Add to the Noes:
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps her Department is taking to use technology to improve the efficiency of the criminal justice system.
This Government inherited an analogue justice system that has not kept pace with a digital world.
Technology can and must transform the justice system.
Since taking office, we have expanded the use of tagging; we are piloting new technology to automate manual work in the justice system; and I have launched a new unit, Justice AI, to further develop the use of artificial intelligence.
The recent announcement of 110,000 sitting days is welcome, but we need to use technology to streamline our justice system.
Between 2016 and 2022, we saw a 25% reduction in cases being concluded.
What plans do the Government have to use emerging new tech to enhance court processing, get faster justice for victims, and help manage offenders in the community, including through ankle tagging to enforce exclusion zones, and drug and alcohol testing?
My hon.
Friend raises an incredibly important point.
We need to make sure that the whole justice system, including what happens in our criminal courts, is as efficient as it can be.
That is why I have commissioned Sir Brian Leveson to conduct an independent review of the criminal courts.
He will consider how to improve the courts’ efficiency, and we will report on that later in the year.