I went to visit a lady in Ashfield who had been beaten black and blue and then locked in a cupboard by her boyfriend.
He was arrested and she made a statement, but because of his controlling behaviour in the relationship—he was in  control of the finances and was also her employer—she had him back.
When she finally had the courage to kick him out, the police would not prosecute the man.
What can this Government do to ensure that women who are victims of these animals can go to the police at any time, even when their partner has gone?
I apologise for the horrific circumstances that the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent found herself in; that is intolerable, and no victim in our country—no woman or girl—should ever feel that way.
If he wants to write to me with the specifics of the case, I will gladly look into it more closely.
This Government are determined to restore faith and justice in the criminal justice system as a whole: in policing, our courts, our probation service—every element of it, from the bottom up and the top down.
I look forward to hearing more from the hon.
Gentleman on that case.
The impact of Crown court delays on victims, victims’ services and the wider criminal justice system is troubling to many.
One of many affected Wokingham residents is a survivor of domestic violence and sexual assault that began three decades ago.
She has had numerous court hearings adjourned.
Will the Minister tell my constituents how these injustices will be ended?
This Government inherited a justice system in crisis, with record Crown court caseloads that continue to rise.
That has had an impact on far too many victims, including the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent.
Since July, we have put more funding into Crown courts, so that they will have their greatest capacity ever, and we have doubled magistrates’ sentencing powers, so that Crown courts can focus specifically on serious crimes.
We are committed to bearing down on that caseload and bringing waiting times down, while also protecting victims’ funding and introducing domestic abuse protection orders to protect victims in pilot areas.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
On behalf of the Liberal Democrats, I start by associating myself with the comments made at the beginning in relation to Joanne.
So many victims and survivors rely on the victim contact scheme to know when their abuser is being released from prison or moved to an open prison and to have input into the kind of conditions that should exist when they are released.
However, the system that we have inherited from the last Government is such that only survivors whose abusers have been convicted for more than 12 months qualify for the scheme.
In the upcoming Victims, Courts and Public Protection Bill, will the Minister commit to scrapping that threshold so that all victims and survivors can qualify for the scheme?
We are looking carefully at the victim notification scheme as part of any forthcoming legislation, to ensure that victims’ rights are taken into full consideration and that victims are aware of the situation if that is deemed appropriate.
I look forward to working with them closely, and I have no doubts about how we should develop the best and strongest possible laws to support the victims of all crimes in our country.
If she will make an assessment of the potential merits of ensuring that all prison leavers receive resettlement support from mentors.
The Ministry of Justice recognises the benefits of mentoring in resettlement and is currently reviewing our approach to peer mentoring to make sure it is consistent and effective.
There are many excellent organisations delivering a range of peer-led rehabilitation support, including Ingeus, Wizer and the Wise Group.
At my surgery a couple of weeks ago, I had two fantastic volunteers show up from Sutton Night Watch, a local homeless charity.