Will she explain whether the increase that she has announced today will cover the NIC hike for hospices and the increase in the living wage that was announced at the Budget?
Will she also commit to providing future settlements in a timely manner so that hospice managers can budget effectively for the coming year?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her questions and for welcoming the announcement.
She will know that, in the past 14 years, the sector has been neglected, like the rest of the NHS and social care system.
As we have repeatedly said, to govern is to choose.
We have improved the settlement for the sector this year.
Today’s welcome announcement can be used by the sector to manage some of those pressures and deliver the sorts of services it wants for the future.
Does the Minister agree that the amazing staff at Overgate hospice in my constituency should be focused this Christmas on caring for their patients and not on funding?
Will she confirm that this funding allows them to do so?
Also, in April I will be running the London marathon for the Overgate hospice’s big build appeal.
Will the Minister sponsor me?
That is possibly one of the cheekiest questions I have ever heard asked here, and I am obviously going to have to say yes.
Frankly, rather him than me, but good luck to my hon.
Friend on doing that.
I know that many hon.
Members raise money for their local constituencies and that the marathon is an important part of that.
We understand how different hospices are funded differently throughout the country.
We want to make sure that end of life care, with all the different options that people have in their local systems, is well supported.
It is really important for people to have some of that security, and I know that this announcement will be welcomed by my hon.
Friend’s local hospice, as it is by the sector today.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
The St Helena Hospice in Colchester, which serves my constituency and that of  the Labour hon.
Member for Colchester (Pam Cox) , estimates that the national insurance increase will cost it £300,000 in a full year.
Can the Minister now give a guarantee that the hospice will be compensated by the Government in full?
It is good to hear the hon.
Gentleman supporting his local hospice with his neighbour, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Colchester (Pam Cox) .
We will announce allocations for the whole sector and the NHS in the usual way in the new year.
St Giles Hospice in my constituency has funding challenges like any other.
One thing that staff mentioned to me was the sustainability of when they are contracted to do things.
Is the Department considering the timing and not just the funding, to enable better planning and better staff planning?
Yes, stability and understanding longer-term planning is important for this sector as well as for many others.
Certainly, we want to make sure that we work with the sector and the wider NHS, so that we deliver our longer-term 10-year plan, but get to that process in the next few years.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
St Luke’s Hospice in my constituency covers the whole of Brent and Harrow.
I helped to form it back in the 1980s.
The staff tell me that the biggest problem they face is that, every time there is an increase in nurses or doctors’ pay, it is never passed on to them, so they have to find the money from charitable giving.
The Minister’s announcement of extra money is of course welcome, but she has failed to answer the question: will it cover the national insurance increase, or not?
All hon.
Members support their local hospices, which I know is important, but I have to remind the House of the parlous state of the sector that we inherited after 14 years of the previous Government.