However, on the broader commitment on serious violent crime, no specifics have been provided to date.
Will the Solicitor General tell the House which crimes are to be included, and the date by which that will be achieved?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that knife crime is still too high—more than 50,000 instances in the year to June 2024.
He is also right to highlight that this Government are taking strong action to combat knife crime.
We know that effective local policing is vital to tackling knife crime, which is why we are putting 13,000 more police and police community support officers on our streets, because we are determined to make our streets safe.
The Home Secretary has also commissioned a rapid review to understand how these weapons are sold online and delivered to under-18s and identify gaps in legislation and the most effective ways to stop this.
Last month, Thames Valley police’s Wokingham neighbourhood team attended Bohunt school in Arborfield, where they presented to young people the dangers of carrying knives.
Early intervention is key to deterring children from violence, and police officers play a crucial role in that.
What conversations has the Solicitor General had with her Home Office colleagues on the link between police officer numbers and effective recording of the prevention of knife crime?
Has the Solicitor General expressed concerns to her colleagues about the potential decrease in the number of Thames Valley police officers?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight these issues in this House.
Key to prevention and early intervention is our programme of young futures hubs and prevention partnerships.
Our young futures hubs will bring together services to improve the ways that young people can access the support they need, and our prevention partnerships will proactively identify the young people most at risk and map youth service provision to ensure there is a clear understanding of the support available in each area.
Mr Speaker, I wish you and your team a merry Christmas and a happy new year.
I thank you for all your kindness to everyone in this House in the past year.
I wish the Solicitor General all the best in her new role.
I share hon.
Members’ concerns about knife crime, which is truly horrific.
The impact it has on families is great.
I have a specific question, so I am happy to receive a written answer.
How many under-18s across the United Kingdom in the past 12 months have been: (a) cautioned; (b) charged; and (c) convicted of knife crime offences?
Good luck with that one!
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for his question.
He will appreciate that I do not have those statistics to hand, but I am more than happy to write to him.
What steps she is taking to help ensure increased prosecution rates for rural crime.
What steps she is taking to help ensure increased prosecution rates for rural crime.
Reliable and effective local policing is the foundation for keeping all our constituents safe, whether they live in a city, a town or a rural area.
That is why the Government are putting more police officers and PCSOs on the beat.
Our plan for change will ensure every neighbourhood has a named contactable police officer in their community to deal with local issues.
I welcome my hon.
Friend to her place.
Representing a rural constituency, I am aware of the ongoing problem of agricultural vehicle theft.
In Calder Valley, vehicle crime counts for one in every 20 crimes committed.
The Equipment Theft (Prevention) Act 2023, passed by  the hon.
Member for Mid Buckinghamshire (Greg Smith)  as a private Member’s Bill, was restricted to the re-sale of specified equipment.
However, 18 months since it received Royal Assent, the statutory instrument needed for it to be enacted has yet to be laid.
Will my hon.
Friend act where the previous Government did not?