For now.
For now, yes.
I think the hon.
Gentleman has made his point.
My hon.
Friend will be aware that foreign donations are not permitted in our electoral system, and that is absolutely as it should be.
Our democracy does face daily threats from rogue states, rogue actors and others who try to disrupt it and to spread myth and disinformation, and these are issues that we should be very alive to.
A merry Christmas to you, Madam Deputy Speaker, and to everyone across Parliament and in my constituency.
Thornbury and Yate residents driving home for Christmas will face a second festive season of chaos on local roads, with at least one more still to come, thanks to the ongoing closure of the A432 M4 over-bridge.
There is no conversation with the small businesses affected, or with residents living on the now choked local country lanes.
Given that hundreds, if not thousands, of such post-tensioned bridges were built in the 1960s, ’70s and ’80s, this horror could be coming to many constituencies, but I have so far been unable to secure a debate on this important topic.
Will the Leader of the House ensure that we can discuss the issue in the new year?
The Secretary of State was asked—
What reforms he has made to funding for flood protection.
What reforms he has made to funding for flood protection.
Mr Speaker, merry Christmas to you and all your staff.
I put on the record my sympathy with everyone affected by water outages in Southampton; I discussed the matter with the chief executive officer yesterday.
We will have a public consultation in the new year on the formula that allocates flood defence funding, to ensure that the challenges facing businesses in rural and coastal communities are adequately taken into account.
Protecting communities from flooding is a top priority, and later today I will have a winter flood preparedness meeting.
I thank everyone who will be on duty over the Christmas period.
My constituency of Stoke-on-Trent South has many farmers, some of whom are personal friends.
On their behalf, I ask the Minister to update the House on the funds that the Government are making available via the farming recovery fund to support farmers impacted by last year’s severe weather.
The Government recognise the awful impact that flooding has had on the farming community.
We are releasing £60 million via the farming recovery fund to support farmers impacted by last year’s severe weather—£10 million more than was planned by the previous Government—and £55.7 million has been paid out to over 12,700 farm businesses.
While the far right and shamefully even some MPs in this House are busy denying climate change and trying to turn it into the latest culture war, people in our communities are paying the price.
More and more severe floods are devastating people’s lives, as  we have seen again in recent weeks, and I am afraid it will only get worse.
Does the Minister agree that it is an absolute disgrace that the last Government left our flood defences in the worst state on record, and that fixing that has to be a national priority and a key part of preparing for climate change?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The previous Government left flood defences in a state of disrepair—the worst state on record—leaving 60,000 homes exposed.
That is why this Government will invest £2.4 billion into defences over the next two years.
In Fylde, a number of new housing developments over the years have been constructed in flood areas where the developers knew that the construction sites had flooded, yet they still sold properties without disclosing that to buyers, and in some circumstances they had not constructed the flood defence requirements—the mitigations on site—to spec.