Dredging used to be commonplace, but some evidence shows that it can speed up flow and potentially increase the risk of flooding downstream.
There are currently no plans for any further dredging in Boston and Skegness, but I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman and the EA area manager to discuss this further.
What assessment he has made with Cabinet colleagues of the potential merits of safeguarding high-grade agricultural land.
We all know that food security is national security, and most of us also recognise that the impacts of climate change and nature loss pose a significant risk to domestic production, so it is very important that  we use our land carefully.
Consequently, the Government will be introducing a land use framework to ensure that we protect our most productive agricultural land.
High-grade agricultural land in Mid Bedfordshire has been farmed for generations, and it is critical for our food security and our freedom, but it is under extreme pressure.
We have talked this morning about climate change and flooding, and also about the Government’s family farm tax.
What has not been mentioned so much is urban sprawl, which is a major threat to high-grade agricultural land.
We live in an uncertain world and we need our country to feed itself.
Considering the threat, will the Minister guarantee that high-grade agricultural land will be protected by this Government?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his points and refer him to my earlier comments: we see more and more pressure, and there are so many things we need to do on our land to house and feed people, so it is important that we have a proper structure in place.
It is widely acknowledged that the current planning system does not necessarily do that.
The previous Government promised a land use framework; we will actually deliver it.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
I share customers’ anger about the water bill rises announced by Ofwat this morning.
Customers have been left to pay the price of Conservative failure after the previous Government let companies spend millions of pounds on bonuses and shareholder payouts instead of investing in our crumbling sewerage infrastructure—if you find cracks in your house and do nothing about it for over a decade, the problem gets worse and the cost of fixing it escalates, and that is exactly what has happened to our sewerage system.
We have introduced the Water (Special Measures) Bill to curb unjustified bonuses.
Money earmarked for investment will be ringfenced so that it can be spent only on infrastructure, rather than bonuses and shareholder payouts, as happened under the Conservatives.
I have appointed Sir Jon Cunliffe to lead a commission into the regulation of the water industry so that the failures that led to today’s bill rises can never happen again.
This Government will end the Tory sewage scandal once and for all.
Recent investigations have shown that a lack of investment in drainage infrastructure has contributed to significant flooding in Uxbridge and South Ruislip.
How will water companies including Thames Water be held to account where their lack of investment blights communities through repeated flooding?
The Government of course recognise the importance of and need for a robust drainage system, but my hon.
Friend will be aware that the previous Government failed to ensure adequate investment to maintain and upgrade it.
Water companies have a duty to ensure that the area they serve is effectively drained.
This includes drainage of surface water from the land around buildings as well as the provision of sewers.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I wish a merry Christmas to everyone in the House, and also to everyone in our farming, food, hospitality and water sectors.
But not everyone will be able to celebrate Christmas.
In recent weeks, a farmer took himself off to a remote part of his farm and killed himself.