The Government continue to monitor very closely what is happening in Thames Water, and indeed in all the other water companies.
The only easement I have ever seen given to water companies over pollution was that of the previous Government, who turned a blind eye as sewage was flooding through our rivers, lakes and seas.
This Government are putting the water companies under tough regulatory special measures—measures that the previous Government could have enacted, but failed to enact.
What progress he has made on reducing electronic waste.
As my hon.
Friend knows, each week 8 million vapes—such as single-use, pod and big puff—are thrown away or recycled incorrectly, which is 13 vapes a second.
That is why we have already banned single-use vapes and created 10,000 extra vape recycling points in store.
We will ensure that online marketplaces and vape producers pay their share of electronic recycling costs in order to avoid the fires, which we know are so devastating.
Mr Speaker, I wish you and your team a very happy Christmas.
I thank the Minister for her reply.
We are all keen to increase recycling, but too often the opportunities for recycling electronic waste are very limited, meaning that it goes into mainstream waste, leading to increased pollution and hazards.
We are seeing an increasing number of bin fires starting with vapes, which, as she has highlighted, are a particular problem.
Will the Government consider what opportunities there are to work with local authorities to increase recycling opportunities and, in particular, to ensure that the public are aware of the downsides of not disposing of electronic waste properly?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
My own city council in Coventry has introduced small electrical item take-back points in its libraries, which is an example of an excellent council innovating.
I recently visited the Currys recycling plant in Newark, which shows the importance of recycling electricals to ensure  that the gifts of Christmas past can be conserved and used for many Christmases to come.
More importantly, last-minute Christmas shoppers will get £5 off a new product—I hear that air fryers are very popular.
Mr Speaker, I wish you and all a merry Christmas.
We know that electronic and similar goods in landfill can leach into our waterways and affect water quality.
Will Ministers reintroduce water restoration funding, as part of the package of measures they were talking about earlier, so that the River Tone and bathing stations elsewhere across the country can benefit from cleaner water?
Our policy is certainly intended to tackle fly-tipping and stop persistent organic pollutants entering the environment, but I will have to consult the Minister for water, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice (Emma Hardy) , before answering on that detailed point.
What steps his Department is taking to improve the dredging of rivers.
Dredging can be a useful option for managing flood risk, usually as part of a wider approach, where it is technically effective, cost- effective and does not significantly increase flood risk for others.
Of course, we need to adopt the best solution for each place.
I wish a merry Christmas to one and all.
My constituents in Boston and Skegness are very concerned that the Environment Agency is unable to properly maintain riverbanks and properly dredge rivers in order to protect homes and livelihoods because of the very demanding requirements of Natural England regarding the protection of badgers and water voles, which means that the priorities are wrong.
Will the Minister meet me and senior people at the Environment Agency to ensure that we get these priorities correct?
Dredging used to be commonplace, but some evidence shows that it can speed up flow and potentially increase the risk of flooding downstream.
There are currently no plans for any further dredging in Boston and Skegness, but I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman and the EA area manager to discuss this further.