Will the Secretary of State confirm that the Government will complete the project in full, as the Minister for Food Security and Rural Affairs called for in opposition, and commit the remaining £1.4 billion to protect our nation’s biosecurity and prevent an animal disease outbreak catastrophe?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman, who raises an important point.
However, I find it a little ironic that Conservative Members are calling for this Government to commit to spending that their Government never committed to.
The Weybridge biosecurity facility is so dilapidated that it faces obsolescence by the early 2030s—that is the legacy that the Conservatives left.
The £208 million that we have committed will start the process of improving those facilities, and through the spending review phase coming forward, we will consider how we can commit further funding to ensure biosecurity for farmers, which the Conservatives absolutely failed to do.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Merry Christmas to you, Mr Speaker, and to all here and beyond.
Farmers in my communities and across the country are genuinely devastated by the Government’s family farm tax, which will affect many in my patch who are on less than the minimum wage, and by the 76% cut in the basic payment next year.
Perhaps what dismays farmers across our country and in Westmorland even more is that the overall agricultural policy of this Government and their Conservative predecessors is to actively disincentivise farmers from producing food, despite the fact that this country produces only 55% of the food we need.
That is a dereliction of duty by both main parties, and a threat to national security.
What plans does the Secretary of State have to change his policy and back our farmers to produce food?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a number of important points.
I will repeat my earlier comments about agricultural property relief: the last year for which we have data available shows that the vast majority of claimants will not pay anything.
Unlike the previous Government, who thought that farmers were not in it for the money, we want them to succeed, so we are embarking on a farming road map and a new deal for farming that will consider supply chain fairness and stop farmers being undercut in trade deals such as the one the Conservatives agreed with Australia and New Zealand.
Our intention is to make farming profitable for the future; the Conservatives’ record is the 12,000 farming businesses that went bust.
Whether he has made an assessment of the potential merits of putting the Drinking Water Inspectorate’s guidance on per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances on a statutory footing.
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising this important issue.
The Drinking Water Inspectorate requires water companies to monitor, assess and report on the risks from PFAS.
We are aware of concerns relating to that, and officials are working on it.
Happy Christmas, Mr Speaker.
I thank the Minister for her answer and for offering me a meeting on this topic earlier this week—I look forward to pursuing it with her.
Given the wealth of authoritative evidence on the harmful impact on human health of PFAS in our drinking water, and that Scotland, the European Union and the United States have all put PFAS guidance on a statutory footing, why do this Government appear to have no plans to do the same for England and Wales?
Will the Minister consider amending the Water (Special Measures) Bill to that end?
As I have mentioned, this is an important issue, and I look forward to discussing it in more detail.
Work to assess the risks of PFAS, and to inform policy and regulatory approaches—including banning or highly restricting certain chemicals and addressing issues caused by their historical use—is continuing.
The nature of PFAS chemicals and their persistence once in the environment means that there are no quick fixes, but this is a global challenge.