I welcome my hon.
Friend’s comments, and I am very pleased to thank Compton Care hospice for all its work.
He is right to highlight that the care is 365 days a year, around the clock.
Hospices such as St Ann’s in Stockport provide really high-quality care to my constituents and others at what is often the toughest point in their lives, but they are struggling in a system that is no longer fit for purpose.
It is of course welcome that the Government are providing additional funding for them.
One of the challenges that the hospice sector faces is a really high rate of staff vacancies, so I would be grateful if the Minister would confirm whether the 10-year plan for the NHS includes a specific workforce plan for our hospice sector, so that it continues to care for our constituents at the toughest point in their lives.
The hon.
Lady makes an excellent point about the stability of the workforce across the piece, from diagnosis to the end of life.
We absolutely need to consider support for all parts of that through the 10-year plan.
I encourage hon.
Members and others to ensure that they keep making those points.
We are getting excellent contributions from the public, patients and staff, and we look forward to developing the plan over the next few months and years.
I welcome the largest funding increase for hospices in a generation.
If that cannot bring some Christmas cheer to the Conservative Benches, it will in my constituency of Wirral West where Claire House hospice does such important work all year round.
I was there just last week for their Christmas carols.
Will the Minister take the opportunity to thank them for the important work they do in my constituency of Wirral West?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his contribution and, indeed, for his singing.
Those events bring joy to people at a particularly difficult point in their life, and they are very welcome.
Any increase in funding for the hospice movement is of course welcome, but let us be honest: it is giving with one hand and taking with the other.
The two excellent  hospices that serve my constituency—St Andrew’s in Grimsby and Lindsey Lodge in Scunthorpe—tell me they want certainty.
The Minister says they will be told early in the new year.
Can the Minister give a categorical assurance that in the first half of January hospices will be told how much extra they are getting from the £100 million she mentioned?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for welcoming the announcement.
As I said, we will be working with the sector in the new year and then we will make allocations accordingly.
Stoke-on-Trent is wonderfully served by the Dougie Mac and Donna Louise hospices.
They are part of a healthcare system in Staffordshire and Stoke-on-Trent that the Minister knows has a £90 million projected deficit.
What oversight will there be to ensure that the money that goes to the ICBs reaches the hospices and that the team in Staffordshire and Stoke-on-Trent do not try to use some of this welcome new money to fill holes elsewhere?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point —one that was raised earlier.
It is vital that ICBs work with all providers to understand the needs and how they are best met.
I know he will be diligent, as he already has been, in pursuing what is happening with the funding with his local ICB.
We will work with Hospice UK to ensure that that happens across the piece.
The hon.
Member for Cowdenbeath and Kirkcaldy (Melanie Ward)  calls for a fresh approach by the SNP Government in Holyrood, but she clearly expects us to do that with fresh air, because part of the £750 million additional cost from the national insurance contributions will fall on hospices.
On Tuesday, she had the opportunity to vote against that cost.