He is right to say that we need to be doing much more to support victims.
He alluded to the review of the Crown courts; he will also know that the Lord Chancellor is taking steps to reduce the Crown court case load by increasing funding for sitting days, and further sitting days were announced yesterday—an extra 2,000, I believe.
What steps she is taking to help increase prosecution rates in cases of violence against women and girls.
This Government have pledged to halve violence against women and girls within a decade as part of our plan for change, and securing prosecutions will be key to that.
Our commitment to tackling violence against women and girls in this way is unprecedented, and it will require a wholesale change in how we think about and deal with these kinds of offences.
Only through a truly cross-Government effort can it be achieved.
As Solicitor General, I will work with colleagues in the Ministry of Justice and the Home Office to ensure that we deliver on that commitment.
May I welcome my hon.
Friend to her place?
I know she will do a fantastic job.
Crown Prosecution Service guidance recognises that perpetrators of economic abuse harm their victim-survivors not just during a relationship, but long after it has finished.
When will CPS guidance be updated to reflect post-separation controlling and coercive behaviour being made a criminal offence, and what training on recognising such abuse is offered to the CPS?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
He has been working on this issue with survivors of economic abuse, and I know that he cares about it very deeply.
Domestic abuse can take many insidious forms, and we must do everything we can to ensure that we are equipped to spot it and tackle it.
The guidance to which he refers was updated earlier this year and is under regular review.
I can also confirm that the CPS will take part in a further knowledge-sharing event on economic abuse, which will be delivered for police and prosecutors as part of the domestic abuse joint justice plan.
My family knows what domestic abuse looks like, but the law does not.
That is because there is no specific offence of domestic abuse in the law, which means that many abusers are convicted of things like common assault or actual bodily harm.
For victims and survivors, that does not reflect the full gravity of the offence, and it also means that abusers qualify for early release schemes.
Women’s Aid is backing my Bill, which would create a dedicated set of domestic abuse aggravated offences in the law.
Will the Solicitor General meet me to discuss my Bill, so that we can better respect and protect survivors?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
We are strengthening the law and the criminal justice system to improve prosecutions for violence against women and girls, and to better support victims.
I call the shadow Minister—welcome.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
I wish you and the team a very happy Christmas indeed.
I congratulate the Solicitor General on her position and welcome her to her place.
I hope to work constructively and effectively with her on this challenging and very important part of Government.
As the Solicitor General knows, rape victims need action now, urgently, given that many rape cases take more than two years to come to trial.
There has been much talk from Ministers about opening specialist fast-track rape courts, but disappointingly there has been very little detail to date.
How will the Government achieve  that fast-tracking if they do not use all potential court sitting days, as requested by the Lady Chief Justice but refused by the Lord Chancellor?
I am grateful to the shadow Solicitor General for her kind words.
She brings an awful lot of experience and expertise to her role, and I look forward to working constructively with her.