How will the Government achieve  that fast-tracking if they do not use all potential court sitting days, as requested by the Lady Chief Justice but refused by the Lord Chancellor?
I am grateful to the shadow Solicitor General for her kind words.
She brings an awful lot of experience and expertise to her role, and I look forward to working constructively with her.
She raises the issue of violence against women and girls, and refers to Crown court sitting days.
I said earlier that I am very pleased that an additional 2,000 Crown court sitting days were added by the Lord Chancellor yesterday.
That is very important, because it will allow the fast-tracking that she refers to of the backlog in our courts.
I fully support the Government’s mission to halve violence against women and girls within the next decade, but how will the Government’s progress be measured to ensure that they deliver against their target?
What assessment has been made of the definition of violence against women and girls?
Timeliness is clearly key, and the hon.
Lady is absolutely right to refer to our commitment to halving violence against women and girls within a decade.
We will take urgent action, building on the urgent action we have already taken.
In November, for example, pilots of the new domestic abuse protection orders began with three police forces, enabling them to provide additional protection to victims.
The hon.
Lady will know that the police and the CPS have launched their domestic abuse joint justice plan.
Improvements in partnership working under the plan have already led to a modest increase in referrals of domestic abuse cases from the police to the CPS, setting a strong foundation for future improvements.
What steps she is taking to increase prosecution rates of freight crime.
Freight crime poses significant challenges to the logistics and transport sectors, affecting businesses, communities and our economy.
This Government recognise the importance of addressing this issue, and the Crown Prosecution Service will always seek to prosecute serious offending when the relevant legal tests are met.
Prosecutors can also apply for compensation to be paid to victims and, in appropriate cases, can seek the seizure of assets that represent the proceeds of crime.
Mr Speaker, I wish you and your team a very merry Christmas, and I thank you in particular for all your support over the last six months.
I very much welcome my hon.
Friend the Solicitor General to her position, and I know she will be a powerful voice for justice in the Government.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on freight and logistics, I have been listening to businesses across the country, including many in my North   Warwickshire and Bedworth constituency.
They have told me that freight crime has reached unacceptable levels and is damaging their businesses and their drivers’ welfare, yet organised gangs stealing goods from freight vehicles is classed as the same as someone breaking into a car and stealing a phone from the passenger seat.
What does the Solicitor General plan to do to ensure that freight theft is prosecuted as the serious crime it is?
I know my hon.
Friend has formidable knowledge and expertise in these matters, which she raises very effectively on behalf of her constituents.
We are clear that freight crime is a serious threat, and the Government are working closely with the police, the automotive industry and the National Vehicle Crime Intelligence Service to combat this threat.
The CPS is, of course, alive to the prevalence of freight crime and brings together expertise to ensure that there is the resilience, skills and flexibility that is needed to best respond to new and changing areas of organised crime, like freight crime.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help increase prosecution rates in cases of people smuggling.
I am grateful to my hon.