The Association of Drainage Authorities is on the flood resilience taskforce, and the statutory instrument will be laid as soon as parliamentary time allows.
A farmer in my constituency tells me that even in a good year he is lucky to see much beyond £20,000 in profit.
With margins as wafer thin as that, regular farming barely qualifies as investable at all.
The risk of losing a huge slice of that farm to inheritance tax at random intervals would not only go to putting this generation out of business, but go a long way towards ensuring that they can never be replaced.
Does the Minister agree that this measure—
Order.
We need to get our act together.
This is the shortest set of topical questions and I will not be able to get many Members in.
We have to remember what topicals are always about.
I hope you have got the gist of the question, Minister.
The point that farmers need to get a better return from their business is well made, and that is exactly what this Government will be addressing.
Merry Christmas to you, Mr Speaker, and to your team and to colleagues across the House.
My constituents have long felt the impacts of flooding, and many residents have been isolated in rural areas after a storm.
I have recently produced a flooding report.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss it, so that I can support the work of the Department?
There is a very easy and short answer to that: I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend.
North Cornwall has world-class beaches and rivers, but Santa swims have been cancelled due to the constant dumping of raw sewage.
Meanwhile, water companies receive millions from bill payers, but then the very next day, they give it away to their shareholders.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the best gift he could give my constituents this Christmas would be a total ban on water bill rises until South West Water bosses finally end this scandal?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to point to the scandalous situation that the previous Government left our waterways in, with record levels of pollution and raw sewage filthying our rivers, lakes and seas.
I have appointed Sir Jon Cunliffe to lead a commission to review governance and regulation so that we can stop it ever happening again.
I welcome the landmark £5 billion agriculture budget announced in the Budget, which is the biggest-ever budget for sustainable farming.
My farmers in North Northumberland desperately need that money.
In that context, what more can the Secretary of State do to push for his Department to get that money out the door in a way that the previous Government did not?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It was extraordinary, was it not, that the last Government managed not to spend £300 million of the farm budget.
We are determined to ensure that we do better.
I wish him and his farmers a very merry Christmas.
In my constituency we have an incinerator that regularly breaches its air pollution limits, but the Environment Agency does nothing about it.
Will the Government tell us what they are doing to give the EA teeth?
Incineration permit breaches are a matter for the regulator, the Environment Agency, but we are reviewing energy-from-waste capacity across the country and will be making a statement imminently.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker, and happy Hanukkah to those who are observing.
What action are this Government taking to promote the purchasing of British-grown and seasonal produce through their public procurement framework?
We are absolutely determined to ensure that we see more British produce bought across our public sector.
We will come to the House with our plans in due course.
I call the Chair of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee.
It would be helpful if the Secretary of State encouraged Sir Jon to engage with parliamentarians across the House.