The CPS is, of course, alive to the prevalence of freight crime and brings together expertise to ensure that there is the resilience, skills and flexibility that is needed to best respond to new and changing areas of organised crime, like freight crime.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help increase prosecution rates in cases of people smuggling.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question, and I know how much work he did in this area prior to his election to this place.
Criminal gangs must not be allowed to undermine our border security by illegally bringing people into this country.
That is why this Government are committed to smashing the gangs.
We have set up the new Border Security Command, which will bring together law enforcement across the system and boost the Crown Prosecution Service’s ability to deliver charging decisions swiftly in international organised crime cases.
Merry Christmas to you, Mr Speaker.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend the Solicitor General on taking up her position.
Having worked with the National Crime Agency in the past, and having worked in a counter-terror role, I have seen at first hand the effectiveness of counter-terror powers and the difference that they can make.
Are the Government working to maximise the effectiveness of the Border Security Command by using counter-terror-style powers, or adapting such powers, in order to take on the smuggling gangs and treat them like terrorists?
My hon.
Friend makes a very important point.
Quite simply, the previous Government lost control of our borders.
That is why we need a much tougher approach, learning from the success of our world-leading counter-terror measures.
Our border security, asylum and immigration Bill will create new, stronger powers for law enforcement agencies to tackle, investigate and prosecute organised crime and strengthen UK border security.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care if he will make a statement on hospice funding.
I am grateful to  the hon.
Member for Sleaford and North Hykeham (Dr Johnson)  for asking that important question.
This Government want a society where every person receives high-quality, compassionate care from diagnosis through to the end of life.
We will shift care out of hospitals into the community to ensure that patients and their families receive personalised care in the most appropriate settings.
Palliative end of life care services, including hospices, will have a big role to play in that shift.
Most hospices are charitable, independent organisations that receive some statutory funding for providing NHS services.
The amount of funding that each charitable hospice receives varies both within and between integrated care board areas.
On children and young people’s hospice funding, the Minister for Care met representatives from NHS England and Together for Short Lives and one of the chairs of the all-party parliamentary group for children who need palliative care to discuss children’s palliative and end of life care, and that funding stream was discussed at length at that meeting.
This Government recognise the range of cost pressures that the hospice sector has been facing over a number of years, so today I am delighted to announce the biggest investment in hospices and end of life care in a generation.
We are supporting the hospice sector with a £100 million boost for adult and children’s hospices, to ensure that those hospices have the best physical environment for care, and with £26 million in revenue to support children and young people’s hospices.
The funding will support hospices and deliver much needed funding for improvements, including refurbishment, overhaul of IT systems and improved security for patients and visitors.
It will help hospices in this year and next year in providing the best end of life care for patients and their families in a supportive and dignified physical environment.