That is why we are taking immediate action to place water companies under special measures through a new Bill that will give the regulator the power to ban the payment of undeserved bonuses for polluting water companies and bring criminal charges against persistent lawbreakers.
We are also carrying out the biggest review of the water sector since privatisation to shape further legislation that will transform how our water system works and clean up our rivers, lakes and seas for good.
Last year, there were 3,366 hours of sewage dumping into the rivers and streams of Altrincham and Sale West, leaving Sinderland brook, the Bollin and other waterways in a terrible condition.
Will the Secretary of State outline further how the Government’s Water (Special Measures) Bill will ensure the end of sewage dumping into the rivers and streams of my constituency for good?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on being such a champion for clean rivers in his constituency.
As I said, the Bill will ban the payment of undeserved bonuses to water executives who are responsible for this kind of pollution, and will ensure instead that money is spent where it should always have been spent: on fixing the infrastructure, so that we can stop once and for all the kinds of sewage scandals that are creating the river pollution his constituents are so aghast to see on their doorstep.
Merry Christmas to you and your staff, Mr Speaker.
I declare an interest as co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group on water pollution.
While I welcome the limited measures that the Government are taking to tackle pollution from the water industry, there is an elephant in the room, because agricultural pollution is just as important a source of pollution in our rivers, lakes and seas.
What will the Secretary of State do to tackle the problem of agricultural pollution with the same degree of urgency and focus, and how will he support farmers—who themselves stand ready to take action to tackle this problem—by providing the funding, support and clear regulatory enforcement that is needed for a level playing field?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising such an important issue, and I recognise that over 40% of pollution in our waterways comes from agricultural run-off.
Sir Jon Cunliffe and the commission he is leading will look at all sources of pollution into our water.
The budgets for more sustainable forms of agriculture that we have committed to will seek to reduce the use of fertiliser, so that there is less run-off into our water.
The farming road map that we are working on with the farming community is also intended to reduce the amount of run-off from agriculture into our waterways, and we are  looking at moving to a whole catchment-based model.
We are looking at all sources of pollution into water so that we can clean up all of our rivers, lakes and seas, from whatever source the pollution comes.
I call the shadow Minister.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I take this opportunity to wish you and all in the House a very merry Christmas.
Many customers are rightly concerned about Thames Water and the situation that company finds itself in.
For the third time of asking the Secretary of State in this Chamber, will he confirm that he will not issue any regulatory easement to Thames Water in his discussions with that company, so that its environmental obligations and service commitments to its customers will not be reduced?
The Government continue to monitor very closely what is happening in Thames Water, and indeed in all the other water companies.
The only easement I have ever seen given to water companies over pollution was that of the previous Government, who turned a blind eye as sewage was flooding through our rivers, lakes and seas.
This Government are putting the water companies under tough regulatory special measures—measures that the previous Government could have enacted, but failed to enact.