The hon.
Member for Cowdenbeath and Kirkcaldy (Melanie Ward)  calls for a fresh approach by the SNP Government in Holyrood, but she clearly expects us to do that with fresh air, because part of the £750 million additional cost from the national insurance contributions will fall on hospices.
On Tuesday, she had the opportunity to vote against that cost.
Will the Minister confirm that there will be Barnett consequentials for Scotland?
How will she address the problems that Marie Curie in Scotland faces?
I admire the hon.
Gentleman for keeping on the same wicket.
In the Budget, this Government made the greatest allocation to the health sector.
What the Scottish Government do with their consequentials and how they manage that is entirely a matter for them, and if they are not doing a good job, the public need to vote for someone else.
I wish you, the team and all the wonderful staff on the parliamentary estate a merry Christmas.
I very much welcome this big investment into local hospices, and I know it will be welcomed by my local children’s hospice Forget Me Not and Kirkwood hospice, which do invaluable work in my constituency.
What assessment has the Minister carried out on long-term sustainable funding for the sector, particularly in relation to statutory funding and the increasing role that hospices play in the community and in people’s homes?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight that need.
As I said earlier, end of life care and its stability as part of the wider system, which is a  commissioning role for ICBs, was not addressed by the last Government over 14 years.
As part of our 10-year plan, that will be important to do.
We can all agree that hospices, such as St Barnabas in Lincolnshire, do vital and valued work.
I hope we can also all agree that every Government—Labour and Tory—have increased national health spending, for that is simply a matter of fact.
I ask the Minister to show a little wisdom in contrition in acknowledging that the national insurance increase that was imposed on charities and hospices has done immense damage.
We welcome the funding today—of course we do—but she needs to be straightforward: was she, or any of the Health team, consulted before the Budget about the impact of the NI increase on hospices, health charities, pharmacies and so on?
May I advise her to put down the folder and tell us what she really thinks?
I have scribbled my own note—the right hon.
Gentleman says that he “agrees”— but the issue is that his Government did nothing over 14 years to support or make a change.
That is why the announcement we are making is so important.
I reiterate my earlier point, which I will repeat every time I am at the Dispatch Box: the Conservatives have not read the Darzi report; if they do not agree with the diagnosis, they cannot agree with the solution.
That is their fundamental problem.
I welcome the announcement of additional funding, as will many families across the country.
Although it is not in my constituency, Rowans Hospice is used by people in Pompey.
Indeed, my nan Pearl and my very dear friend Fiona spent their last few weeks in the hospice’s care, and what a wonderful place it is.
At a city council meeting this week, concerns were raised about the future of that amazing service.
Will the Minister confirm that the Government are committed to ensuring that every person has access to high-quality end of life care?
That is absolutely what we want to do, and today’s announcement is a step towards it.
As my hon.
Friend highlights, hospices are very special places, but most people want to die at home with their loved ones, in the place they know well, and many parts of the sector will be able to use this money to help more people to die peacefully at home.