The previous Government left flood defences in a state of disrepair—the worst state on record—leaving 60,000 homes exposed.
That is why this Government will invest £2.4 billion into defences over the next two years.
In Fylde, a number of new housing developments over the years have been constructed in flood areas where the developers knew that the construction sites had flooded, yet they still sold properties without disclosing that to buyers, and in some circumstances they had not constructed the flood defence requirements—the mitigations on site—to spec.
Both residents and councils have felt powerless to get developers to correct what they should have got right in the first place, and a number of properties have flooded several times since people purchased them.
What plans does the Minister have to give residents and councils more power to hold developers to account when they do not properly construct developments or disclose information about flooding?
I share the hon.
Gentleman’s upset about the rules on housing and flooding not being implemented by the previous Government.
We need more sustainable urban drainage in more developments, and it is important that it is built into planning applications to begin with.
If he would like to contact me, I can look into the matter in more detail for him.
Across Huntingdon, flooding continues to be an issue that impacts a huge number of constituents, with flooding almost inevitable every time it rains.
Alconbury flood group is a leading flood group in the constituency, and Charles Dalleywater has been a driving force in implementing flood mitigation measures, such as the recently opened alderman’s retention pond at Sallows farm that was planned by the flood group after funding was provided by Anglian Water, Huntingdonshire district council and Cambridgeshire county council.
What funding is available from the Government to facilitate the construction of further retention ponds?
I thank all flood action groups around the country for doing incredible work for their communities.
That sounds like a brilliant example.
As I mentioned, we are investing £2.4 billion over the next couple of years.
I hope to be able to give more detail in the new year.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential merits of extending the rural England prosperity fund.
Mr Speaker, I wish you and all your staff a happy Christmas, and thank all those who work  in our food system for ensuring that we are fed every day and that, particularly at this time of the year, so many of our constituents can enjoy a traditional, wonderful British celebration.
The autumn Budget on  30 October  confirmed the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs budgets for 2024-25 and 2025-26, and funding allocations for individual programmes will be determined in the upcoming months through the Department’s business planning exercise.
We will update the House on the rural England prosperity fund in due course.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
Farmers in my constituency of South West Devon have highlighted the role that the rural England prosperity fund could play in the economic growth of our community.
Given the publication of the English devolution White Paper this week, what conversations has the Minister had with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government about how funding, such as the rural England prosperity fund, can ensure that devolution is a success for the countryside?
We are in constant dialogue with our MHCLG colleagues.
I was delighted that areas with a significant rural population will on average receive about a 5% increase in their core spending power.
That is a real-terms increase.
I hope we can continue to work well to address the rural productivity gap of some 18%, which is a real challenge for all of us.
What assessment he has made of the impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on family farms.
May I take this opportunity to wish a very merry Christmas to you, Mr Speaker, and to the hard-working House staff?