However, 18 months since it received Royal Assent, the statutory instrument needed for it to be enacted has yet to be laid.
Will my hon.
Friend act where the previous Government did not?
We are committed to implementing the Equipment Theft (Prevention) Act, which aims to prevent the theft and re-sale of high-value equipment, particularly for use in an agricultural setting, as my hon.
Friend describes.
He will know that the Minister for Policing, Fire and Crime Prevention takes this matter very seriously and is working closely with the automotive industry to ensure the most robust responses possible to these crimes.
I am also happy to raise the matter with my hon.
Friend’s local chief Crown prosecutor.
Farmers across Luton South and South Bedfordshire have frequently raised with me the issue of fly-tipping on their land.
I welcome the Government’s commitment to implement stronger laws to prevent fly-tipping.
Will the Solicitor General, working with colleagues across Government, also commit to review and update sentencing guidelines for courts to make prosecuting fly-tippers more consistent and ensure more stringent fines are applied for the worst offenders?
Fly-tipping is a scourge both in urban and rural areas, which is why we are clamping down on it by forcing environmental vandals to clean up the mess they create.
We are taking a cross-Government approach, aligned with our safer streets mission.
I am sure my hon.
Friend will be reassured to know that, working with ministerial colleagues, we are setting out a new strategy that will address antisocial behaviour and fly-tipping, and restore public confidence in policing.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of perpetrators of misdemeanours.
The Government are committed to tackling criminality of all types.
We have set out our plan for change, which includes putting 13,000 more police officers and PCSOs on the beat, and bringing back neighbourhood policing.
Next year, the Crown Prosecution Service will receive an additional £49 million of funding to help recruit and train more prosecutors, enabling them to focus on securing justice in all cases, from minor offences right through to the most serious crimes.
I thank the hon.
Lady for that reply and I appreciate the additional resources, but what my constituents, and I am sure constituents up and down the country, want to see is robust effective policing and prosecution of what is low-level crime in the great scheme of things, but which can be a real curse, particularly on our housing estates.
Can the hon.
Lady give an assurance to my constituents that there will be real robust and positive action?
I can give that assurance.
The hon.
Gentleman calls this kind of crime low level.
I know from experiences in my constituency that these issues can affect daily life and really blight communities, so yes he has my assurance.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I wish you and your team, Mr Speaker, and everyone in the House a very merry Christmas, and I welcome the Solicitor General to her place.
However, I am afraid that it will not be a merry Christmas for all my constituents.
Rural crime in North Cornwall is on the rise, from rural theft to increased drug trafficking.
County lines drug gangs are grooming and recruiting children as young as nine to traffic drugs, while elderly and vulnerable constituents have been cuckooed in their own homes by the gangs.
What steps is the Solicitor General taking to work with the police to increase the number of prosecutions of the ringleaders of these ruthless gangs that blight our communities and expose our young people to violence and crime?
The hon.
Member is right to raise this important and pressing issue.
We know that those who commit such crimes, including crimes in our rural communities, are some of the most manipulative criminals in society.