The Minister’s announcement of extra money is of course welcome, but she has failed to answer the question: will it cover the national insurance increase, or not?
All hon.
Members support their local hospices, which I know is important, but I have to remind the House of the parlous state of the sector that we inherited after 14 years of the previous Government.
If Conservative Members, many of whom were part of that Government, had wanted to rectify the way in which hospice funding was allocated, or indeed that end of life care was managed, they had plenty of opportunity to do so.
This Government have hit the ground running.
We have fast-tracked these measures, and this announcement today is clearly a part of that.
I hope that they all welcome it; it is just a shame that they did not do it themselves.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
May I welcome this record investment in our hospices from the Labour Government?
The Conservative Government had 14 years to do that, but they shirked that responsibility.
Will the Minister join me in thanking the amazing staff and volunteers at Saint Michael’s Hospice and Demelza hospice in my constituency who do such amazing work all year round to support families and children who need amazing care?
I am delighted to support my hon.
Friend in the work that she has been doing with St Michael’s and Demelza hospices.
She is absolutely right to highlight that, and I hope that she will be able to meet the staff in the new year and discuss how they can best use some of this funding.
I wish you, Mr Speaker, and all the House staff, a very merry Christmas.
Following on from  the hon.
Member for Calder Valley (Josh Fenton-Glynn) , next year I will be taking part in a strictly dancing competition for my local Rowcroft Hospice.
However, I am pretty sure that, even if all the Members in this House sponsored me, I would not be able to raise the £225,000 needed by Rowcroft to cover the additional national insurance contribution payments that it will have to make.
Will this extra funding, which is very welcome, be additional funding, or will it be just enough to cover the extra costs that have been imposed on the hospice sector through the increase in national insurance contributions in the recent Budget?
I have to say that dancing is more my style than marathon running, so I wish the hon.
Lady luck with that.
At least she did not ask me for any money.
I refer her to my earlier answer: this is additional money to support the hospice sector.
It is a £100 million boost for adult and children’s hospices to ensure that they have the best physical environment for care, and £26 million in revenue to support children and young people’s hospices.
We look forward to working with the sector in order to best deploy that in the New Year.
Merry Christmas to you and your team, Mr Speaker.
Our hospices do an amazing job, and I look forward to visiting my local hospice in the next few days, but Scottish hospices have warned that they might have to turn patients away because of the funding crisis that they face under the SNP.
Does the Minister agree that the Scottish Government must at least match the level  of investment that she has announced today?
They must have a similar level of ambition for Scottish hospices, and provide fresh investment for our hospices, which do an amazing job in Scotland.
As my hon.
Friend highlights, this is a devolved issue for the Scottish Government.
We hope that they match our ambition, as she rightly puts it.
I wish her well with her local hospice, and I hope that the Scottish Government take note of what we are doing here in England.