That is absolutely what we want to do, and today’s announcement is a step towards it.
As my hon.
Friend highlights, hospices are very special places, but most people want to die at home with their loved ones, in the place they know well, and many parts of the sector will be able to use this money to help more people to die peacefully at home.
This additional funding will benefit hospices serving Westmorland communities—St Mary’s, St John’s, Eden Valley and the children’s hospice, Jigsaw—only if two things happen.
First, the Government must provide additional funding to match the national insurance increases that those hospices will have to bear, and secondly, the Government must ensure that the integrated care boards in south Cumbria and north Cumbria pass on that money in full and on time.
Will the Minister press them to do so?
On the Morecambe bay end, will she press them on the closure of the Abbey View ward at Barrow hospital?
The trust is planning to close that end of life ward, which will put additional pressure on our local hospices but without any additional funding to support them.
The commissioning of those services is the responsibility of the ICBs, and we expect them to do that.
They are responsible from diagnosis to end of life.
In the past few months, I have met many hon.
Members from across political parties to discuss issues in their ICBs.
I know that he will, like others, be assiduous in pursuing the ICB to ensure that funding goes to the right place.
I wish you, Mr Speaker, and the fantastic staff across the estate a happy Christmas.
I thank the Minister for the way in which she and her team have listened to me and colleagues, who arrived in this place with real concern about the state of palliative care after years of under-investment by the previous Government.
The funding announced today will be welcomed by Keech hospice and Garden House hospice, which provide fantastic palliative care for constituents in and around my area.
Will she join me in thanking them for the fantastic work that their staff and volunteers do all year round to support people in incredibly difficult moments in their lives?
Will she also assure them that palliative care will remain at the front and centre of the Government’s mind in the difficult work of getting health services working again?
I am happy to support my hon.
Friend, who makes an excellent point, in his work with local providers.
He congratulates me, but the work has been done mainly by the Minister for Care, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aberafan Maesteg (Stephen Kinnock) , and by the Secretary of State, who have personally taken on this issue.
They are visiting hospices today, so they could not be here even though they wanted to.
We are committed to supporting people throughout their life, from diagnosis to end of life.
I have been contacted by vast numbers of families and relatives of those who have been wonderfully cared for by Sue Ryder Manorlands hospice in Oxenhope in the Worth valley.
They are all concerned about the impact that the rise in employer national insurance will have on them.
Those at Manorlands are deeply concerned that it will cost them hundreds of thousands of pounds.
In answering the urgent question, the Minister has announced additional funding, but can she confirm whether it will cover the cost of those rises to Sue Ryder Manorlands hospice in my constituency?
Did the Government carry out an impact assessment of the negative impacts that the Budget would have on those in the charitable and hospice sectors?
The hon.
Gentleman asks the same question again.
Through the Budget, this Government have allocated more money to the health service than the previous Government—a record announcement—and we have announced money again this morning.
To govern is to choose.