We are supporting the hospice sector with a £100 million boost for adult and children’s hospices, to ensure that those hospices have the best physical environment for care, and with £26 million in revenue to support children and young people’s hospices.
The funding will support hospices and deliver much needed funding for improvements, including refurbishment, overhaul of IT systems and improved security for patients and visitors.
It will help hospices in this year and next year in providing the best end of life care for patients and their families in a supportive and dignified physical environment.
Hospices for children and young people will receive that further £26 million in funding for 2025-26 through what was, until recently, known as the children’s hospice grant.
We will set out the details of the funding allocation and dissemination in the new year.
We completely understand the pressures that people are under.
To govern is to choose, and the Chancellor chose to support health and social care in the Budget.
The alternative is not to fund.
The sector has suffered from 14 years of underfunding, and we are righting that historic wrong.
This Government are committed to ensuring that every person has access to high-quality palliative and end of life care as part of our plan for change.
We are taking immediate action to make our healthcare fit for the future.
I am sure that the hon.
Member for Sleaford and North Hykeham and everyone in the House will welcome this announcement.
I thank her for giving me the opportunity to give the House an early Christmas present.
Order.
I think you might find that I granted the urgent question, but don’t worry, Minister.
I call the shadow Minister.
After the confusion of yesterday, I welcome the fact that further details on hospice funding have been announced, albeit by our dragging them out of the Government on the very last day of Parliament before the recess.
On  30 October , the Chancellor decided to break her election promise by increasing employers national insurance contributions and reducing the threshold at which employer contributions are payable.
It was later confirmed that hospices would not be exempt from the increase in costs.
Now the Government have announced new funding for the sector, which they have the audacity to call
“the biggest investment in a generation”.
Let us be clear about what is going on: the Government are taking millions of pounds off hospices and palliative care charities, and then think those hospices and palliative care charities should be grateful when the Government give them some of that back.
That is socialism at its finest.
We will look more closely at the funding announced today, but despite many questions from right hon.
and hon.
Members, to date the Government have refused to give any clear answers on how much their tax rises will cost hospices.
I will try again: will the Minister please tell us how much the Government estimate they will raise from taxing hospices more?
Was an impact assessment ever produced on how hospices will be hit, and how that will affect the care that they provide?
Do the Government expect the funding that they have announced today to cover the additional costs in their entirety?
At the heart of this discussion are charities that provide compassionate care to terminally ill people in their final days, weeks and months.
While hospices were left without information, Hospice UK reported that 300 beds have already closed, with many more closures to come.
Does the Minister accept any responsibility for that?
Ultimately, it is patients who will pay the price.
While we welcome this update for hospices, when will the Health Secretary come forward with more details on the many other health providers who have been hit by Labour’s tax increases, including GPs, community pharmacies and dentists?
Will they be expected to be similarly grateful for getting back some of the money that the Government have taken from them?