Friend highlights, this is a devolved issue for the Scottish Government.
We hope that they match our ambition, as she rightly puts it.
I wish her well with her local hospice, and I hope that the Scottish Government take note of what we are doing here in England.
Over 7,000 charities and voluntary groups have written an open letter to the Chancellor warning that the national insurance increase will cost them £1.4 billion and have a devastating impact.
At this time of the year, ahead of Christmas, many charities, including hospices, are trying to raise funds.
I know that the Chancellor did not go into politics to be the Grinch who stole Christmas for charities, so will the Minister please look at this again, and exempt charities and voluntary groups, including hospices, from this cruel tax increase, which is sucking up good will and donations and really hurting valuable charities?
The hon.
Gentleman was a Government Minister, so he had plenty of opportunities to change the system, had he wanted to do so at the time.
I thank the Minister for her announcement of a huge funding boost for the hospice sector.
Will she join me in thanking all the brilliant staff at Keech hospice, which serves Luton South and South Bedfordshire, and especially all the volunteers who are out fundraising with Smiley Sam and Santa’s train across the streets of Luton, including Farley Hill tomorrow and Wardown Crescent on Saturday?
I thank my hon.
Friend for making that point, and wish the volunteers well in their weekend activities.
She is right to highlight not only staff but the hundreds of thousands of volunteers across the country who work to support the hospice sector and others with end of life care.
That support is so important for people receiving end of life care and their families.
It is something that I have experienced; my father died over the Christmas period a number of years ago.
It is a hard time of the year to have a death, and I warmly support what those volunteers are doing this weekend.
The fact that the Minister has come here expecting us to welcome her announcement and congratulate her on giving money that her Government took away in the first place really beggars belief.
Mountbatten hospice in my constituency needs an extra £1 million because of the NICs increase that her Government have brought forward.
Will she guarantee to Mountbatten and the charitable sector, including hospices—which the last Government increased funding for, before she comes back to me with that answer —that today’s announcement will cover the £1 million that her Government have taken away in NICs?
What beggars belief is that person after person—man after man—on the Opposition Benches still feels able to get up and defend their record in  government.
Not once have we heard that they agree with Lord Darzi’s diagnosis, or that they welcome the extra investment that the Chancellor found by choosing to support the health sector in the Budget.
I am afraid that, until they reach that conclusion, they are destined to be on the Opposition Benches for a very long time.
Merry Christmas to you and your team, Mr Speaker.
Compton Care hospice in my constituency provides specialist palliative and bereavement care, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
Having previously discussed the lack of funding with the hospice, I am sure that it will welcome the extra funding that has been announced today.
Will the Minister please join me in thanking Compton Care hospice and its incredible staff for the care that they will continue to provide throughout the Christmas period?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s comments, and I am very pleased to thank Compton Care hospice for all its work.
He is right to highlight that the care is 365 days a year, around the clock.