We will come to the House with our plans in due course.
I call the Chair of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee.
It would be helpful if the Secretary of State encouraged Sir Jon to engage with parliamentarians across the House.
The necessary changes that he has outlined will take time, however.
The truth of the matter is that if those who currently have responsibility were to change their culture and focus on outcomes for customers, rather than their own internal processes, we might see earlier improvements.
There will be an opportunity for Members to engage with Sir Jon Cunliffe’s commission in January, and I am sure that the right hon.
Member’s Committee will want to do precisely that.
The Water (Special Measures) Bill, which is going through Parliament right now, is intended to make quick changes to the system.
Sir Jon’s review will give us the chance to reform regulation and governance for the long term.
I recently met the Alde and Ore Estuary Trust, which has long been campaigning and fundraising to refurbish and secure flood defences on the Alde and Ore estuary.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the trust’s projects and the barriers to progress?
Each time I come here for questions, I promise that I will not arrange to meet as many Members, and each time I fail.
I would of course be happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
Last year I visited the Game and Wildlife Conservation Trust’s Allerton project in Loddington.
May I commend the contribution that it can make to defining sustainable intensification of agricultural food production?
Perhaps it would be a suitable place for a DEFRA ministerial away day early in the new year, to help with the use strategy.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his suggestion.
I am a great admirer of the Allerton project and have been meaning to visit it for a long time.
My officials are working on a visit, and I am really looking forward to engaging with those people, because they do great work.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Presumably it is related to the questions.
It is related to the questions we just had.
Thank you for granting the point of order, Mr Speaker.
At 7 o’clock this morning, entirely foreseeably, Ofwat announced bill rises of 36% for water bill payers around the country, which is an increase 14 times larger than current inflation.
We know that a large proportion of that rise will be spent on paying off the debt of water companies: a debt incurred simply by paying dividends that were unearned and bonuses that were undeserved.
Is it in order for the Government to have known that was coming but not to have come to the House to make a statement, which would have allowed us to hold them to account for their failure to ensure that Ofwat has the teeth it needs to hold the water companies to account?
I thank the hon.
Member for his point of order.
I have received no notification from the Government of such a statement, but he has certainly put his point on the record and I am sure that it will have been heard by those on the Treasury Bench.
The Solicitor General was asked—
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on prosecuting knife offences.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on prosecuting knife offences.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on prosecuting knife offences.
Mr Speaker, I will start by taking this opportunity to wish you, your team and Members across the House a very merry Christmas.
Every single victim of knife crime is one too many, and this Christmas there will be some constituents, including my own, facing the heartbreaking reality of a  loved one who is no longer with them due to knife crime.