What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on prosecuting knife offences.
Mr Speaker, I will start by taking this opportunity to wish you, your team and Members across the House a very merry Christmas.
Every single victim of knife crime is one too many, and this Christmas there will be some constituents, including my own, facing the heartbreaking reality of a  loved one who is no longer with them due to knife crime.
That is why, as part of our plan for change, the Government are 100% committed to tackling knife crime.
I welcome the Solicitor General to the Front Bench.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
I have had reports of people carrying machetes in Livingstone Walk, an area in Grovehill, Hemel Hempstead, with the Dacorum local crime unit investigating one incident of alleged robbery at knifepoint.
Knife crime is not our only issue in Hemel; we have the highest rate of antisocial behaviour in the county, and we are the most dangerous town in Hertfordshire.
That is a direct result of Conservative Governments taking 20,000 police off our streets nationwide, removing 60p out of every pound from local authority budgets and failing to act on antisocial behaviour.
What further steps is the Solicitor General taking to ensure that violent thugs are not allowed to run riot and are brought to justice?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this important matter.
Knife-enabled robberies surged under the previous Government, which is why the Home Secretary has made tackling these offences an urgent priority.
Enforcement is key, and that is why we are putting police back on the beat with a named officer for every neighbourhood.
I commend the Government for acting swiftly to ban ninja swords, seize zombie-style knives and crack down on the illegal online sale of these weapons.
It will reassure communities such as mine in Ilford South, which sadly knows all too well the deadly effect of these weapons, with a number of heinous attacks this year where teenagers lost their lives.
What are the Government doing to support the victims of knife crime and their families?
My hon.
Friend makes a powerful point.
Many of our constituents will have gone through the same pain as his.
That is why we are taking strong action on knife crime, banning lethal weapons and working to ensure that dangerous blades do not end up in the wrong hands.
This September, it became illegal to possess zombie-style knives and machetes, and we are bringing forward legislation to ban the ninja swords to which he refers.
Merry Christmas to you and the team, Mr Speaker.
A couple of weeks ago, people in West Bromwich were met with the terrifying sight of young people wearing balaclavas and wielding machetes running around the town centre in broad daylight.
It was a shocking, dangerous incident that has put people off going into the town centre.
What is the Solicitor General doing to work with other Ministers to crack down on these zombie-style knives and ensure our town centres are safe?
I am very sorry to hear about that shocking incident in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, and she is right to raise it in this House.
These kinds of weapons have absolutely no place on our streets.
That is why this Government took quick action to ensure it was illegal to possess machetes.
I hope and expect that there will be timely prosecutions in this case.
I congratulate the Solicitor General on taking up her position.
As a former trauma surgeon, I have seen at first hand the devastating effect of knife and other serious violent crime, so I welcome the Government’s specific commitment to halving knife crime within a decade.
However, on the broader commitment on serious violent crime, no specifics have been provided to date.
Will the Solicitor General tell the House which crimes are to be included, and the date by which that will be achieved?
The hon.