Ultimately, it is patients who will pay the price.
While we welcome this update for hospices, when will the Health Secretary come forward with more details on the many other health providers who have been hit by Labour’s tax increases, including GPs, community pharmacies and dentists?
Will they be expected to be similarly grateful for getting back some of the money that the Government have taken from them?
To govern is, indeed, to choose.
The Conservative party chose neither this sector nor any other health sector and it refused to govern.
Within five months, we have not only increased the funding to the health sector to stabilise it but made today’s announcement.
Beneath all that, there might have been a welcome for the announcement—I am not entirely sure—whereas the sector is pleased to have the money.
The chief executive of Hospice UK said:
“This funding will allow hospices to continue to reach hundreds of thousands of people every year with high-quality, compassionate care.
We look forward to working with the government to make sure everyone approaching the end of life gets the care and support they need”.
The chief executive of Haven House children’s hospice said that it is
“very positive to hear about the government’s plan to invest significantly in the wider hospice sector; we hope that there will be as much flexibility as possible to determine locally how this new money is spent.”
This is an important issue for many hon.
Members, and we look forward to working with the sector in the new year on the specifics of the announcement.
This is a very welcome announcement and I am sure the hospices are breathing a sigh of relief after the level of funding they endured for 14 years under the Tories.
If we are to move palliative care out of hospitals and into care situations or people’s homes, the money needs to be passported to the hospice sector for it to play its part.
Integrated care boards have been charged under the Health and Care Act 2022 to provide that funding.
Will the money go through ICBs or will it be passported straight to the hospice sector?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point about the need for more people to be treated at home.
That is absolutely the direction of travel that we want to see.
This money will help, for example, with technology to support more people to be treated at home.
ICBs are responsible for commissioning and allocating funding, so that will be done in the normal way.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I wish you and the whole team a very merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
Last week, I visited Hope House in my constituency, where I met beautiful young Esmay, one of hundreds of children cared for by the hospice every single year.
She is nearly three and has a life-threatening heart condition.
Esmay’s family do not know what the future holds for her, but they know that Hope House will be there to support them, as it has since before she was born.
There are 300,000 people like Esmay treated in hospices every year, and just one third of their funding comes from the NHS.
That leaves institutions such as Hope House and nearby Severn hospice reliant on generosity and unable to plan as they wait for confirmation of the funding they will receive from the NHS.
That situation has been made more difficult this year because of the increase to national insurance contributions, which Hope House estimates will cost £177,000.
Funding is welcome, and I welcome the Minister’s commitment today.
Will she explain whether the increase that she has announced today will cover the NIC hike for hospices and the increase in the living wage that was announced at the Budget?
Will she also commit to providing future settlements in a timely manner so that hospice managers can budget effectively for the coming year?
I thank the hon.