I thank my hon.
Friend; she is a powerful champion on this issue.
Our principle is that every young person with special educational needs should receive the right support to succeed.
We have immediately announced an additional £1 billion for high-needs funding, including almost £20 million for schools in Lancashire.
We will support special schools, and deliver truly inclusive places and expertise in mainstream schools to help every child thrive.
We at Reform, a party that is alive and kicking, very much enjoyed your speech on Monday.
You seem to be learning a very great deal from us.
But can I encourage you please to go further as a matter of national security?
Over the weekend, an illegal immigrant from Iran, who we believe came by boat, was arrested in the  north of England on serious charges of terrorism.
Since the speech on Monday, 1,000 undocumented young males have crossed the English channel.
Does the Prime Minister agree that now is the time to declare the situation in the English channel a national security emergency?
It was not my speech; it was the Prime Minister’s.
The situation is serious.
The last Government lost control of the borders.
We are taking powers—[Interruption.]
This is precisely to the hon.
Gentleman’s point.
The Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill is the first Bill to give counter-terrorism-like powers to law enforcement, precisely so that we can get in before the crimes are committed and before people get to this country.
This is the most far-reaching provision ever for law enforcement to defend and secure our borders.
That is why it is extraordinary that he, of all people, voted against it, and sooner or later he is going to have to explain that.
Since my election, I have championed and backed our country’s plumbers, builders, electricians and all our tradespeople, who are not just building Britain, but holding our communities together.
That is why I have been campaigning for tougher sentencing and action on tool theft, and for the real cost of this crime to be recognised.
I thank everyone in the sector who has backed the campaign, because together we have shown that the message is clear: after 14 years of Government neglect, it is time for action and change.
Will the Prime Minister work with me and the Secretary of State for Justice to include my private Member’s Bill as we review sentencing and justice, so that the punishment finally fits the crime?
I commend my hon.
Friend for leading the campaign to highlight the devastating impact of these crimes.
For hard-working small businesses, tool theft is not just a violation; it can mean thousands of pounds of potential work lost, with a huge impact on businesses and families.
We are investing more than £1.2 billion extra in policing, with 13,000 new neighbourhood police officers to focus on the crimes that impact on communities the most.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for her work, and I know the Justice Secretary will look at the details carefully.
Whether or not people agree with the Prime Minister’s net zero targets, he must agree that he will not achieve those targets without taking people with him.
The cable corridor and substation for the Morgan and Morecambe offshore wind farm is one of the most objected to national energy infrastructure projects in the country.
What is angering me and thousands of others is that there is a perfect alternative cabling route further up the coast that would bring local economic benefit, would be more cost-effective as a whole lifecycle project and could connect to existing national grid infrastructure, but no one is listening.
Will the Prime Minister now listen, pause the planning inquiry for the existing application and ask the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero to consider and cost the alternative route to avoid untold devastation to our coastline and countryside?
As the hon.