The Government know that if they did ask for one, it would reveal an unpalatable truth that would prevent them from supplying Israel with the weapons that it needs to continue its merciless onslaught.
It really is as grubby as that, isn’t it, Minister?
It is not as grubby as that.
First, we will not litigate an ongoing legal case in the Chamber, as Members would expect.
A judicial review on the F-35 element is happening over these days.
The judge will find on that, and we will respect the judgment.
Let me be absolutely clear to the hon.
Gentleman: we continue to conduct assessments across a full range of responsibilities under international law.
It is simply not true to suggest that we are avoiding making any internal assessment in order to justify policy.
We continue to assess these things carefully.
We do it on a rolling basis, regularly.
What he says is simply not true.
I thank the Minister for his personal commitment to this cause, and the UK Government for putting this matter on the record at the UN yesterday as a matter of extreme urgency.
May I also put to the Minister directly the challenge yesterday from Tom Fletcher, the UN’s aid chief?
He said:
“For those killed and those whose voices are silenced: what more evidence do you need now?...Will you act—decisively—to prevent genocide?”
What is the Minister’s answer to that question?
My hon.
Friend has been committed to these issues since before he came to this place.
Tom Fletcher’s words are important.
As I said earlier, he is the most senior member of the humanitarian community in the world, and what he said at yesterday’s meeting, which we called, is very important.
We have not waited for yesterday’s meeting, or for the determination of international courts, to take action.
Let us not forget what we have done in relation to UNRWA, on arms suspension, on sanctions on Israeli settlers, or through our convening role on the United Nations Security Council.
We will continue to take action.
Mr Fletcher rightly asks for “decisive” action.
Has our action yet been decisive?
Clearly it has not.
Hostages remain detained, Palestinians continue to suffer, and a two-state solution feels very distant indeed.
We have not yet had the decisive effect that we would wish to see, and we will continue to act until we do.
As well as raping, kidnapping and killing civilians on  7 October  for the sake of it, Hamas had a strategy: to try to prevent further peace deals between Israel and its Arab neighbours by provoking a massive, frenzied reaction to the atrocities.
Does the Minister share my dismay that this brutal strategy seems to be succeeding?
I share the right hon.
Gentleman’s dismay that events in the region since the horrific actions of  7 October  have involved an enormous amount of  bloodshed and civilian suffering.
This Government hope that we will yet see a day when the region is stable, when there are normal diplomatic relations between all its members, and when there is a two-state solution, with the two states living securely and safely side by side.
I regret that it feels such a distant prospect.
Seventy-seven years since the Nakba, Israel’s illegal occupation eats away at the land.
We now have—I will repeat these words loud and clear—“plausible genocide” according to the International Court of Justice, the International Criminal Court, Amnesty International and the United Nations.
Given this week’s news, what new assessments have been made, and how often, to determine what other actions we can take to stop what is happening to the Gazans—the children, the civilians, and the aid workers—and to make sure that we can get aid in?
What other pressures and levers can the Government use, including as part of a bloc, together with international partners and others, in addition to recognising Palestine?
Surely that recognition is long overdue.
My hon.
Friend asks important questions about assessments.