She is right that we must tackle rogue operators who blight our communities.
That is why we have boosted Environment Agency funding by £188 million, alongside tough new rules on incinerators and commercial fly-tippers.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
If I may, Mr Speaker: Sir Roy Stone served 13 Chief Whips, and Prime Ministers from Margaret Thatcher to Boris Johnson.
I would like to pay tribute to his extraordinary service and send my best wishes to his family.
Before we start, I would also like to say to the Prime Minister how horrified I was to hear about the attack on his family home.
It is completely unacceptable, and I think I speak for the whole House when I say that it was an attack not just on him, but on all of us and on our democracy.
Yesterday we learned that unemployment is up 10% since the election.
Why does the Prime Minister think unemployment is rising on his watch?
May I pay tribute to Roy Stone as well, and the service that was given to us in various capacities?
I thank the Leader of the Opposition for her words about the attacks on me and my family, and many others for their kind messages in the past few days.
The Leader of the Opposition messaged me pretty well straightaway, which I really do appreciate.
She is absolutely right that it was an attack on all of us, on democracy and on the values that we stand for.
The right hon.
Lady comes here every week to talk the country down.
We have got 200,000 new jobs, record investment and four interest rates cuts—contrast that with the disastrous Liz Truss mini-Budget, inflation through the roof and a £22 billion black hole.
I am not sure that the Prime Minister even knew that employment was up, but there is no point in him blaming everyone else.
The fact is that the Conservatives reduced the deficit every year until the pandemic, more than doubled the personal allowance, left 4 million extra jobs, tackled the post-pandemic inflation spike, and left the fastest-growing economy in the G7.
Let us talk about what is happening today.
Let us look at Beales, a 180-year-old department store in Dorset.
It survived two world wars and the winter of discontent, but it could not survive this Labour Government.
Beales is having what it calls a “Rachel Reeves closing down sale”.
What does the Prime Minister have to say to all the people who have lost their jobs?
Nobody wants to see job losses, but the right hon.
Lady must be the only person left in the country who thinks that the economy was booming after the last Government.
We have created new jobs, record investment and trade deals.
The last Government tried to do the India deal for, I think, eight years and failed—we did that deal.
They talked about a US deal—we did that deal.
We also intend to get a stronger relationship with the EU.
This former Trade Minister must be the only former Trade Minister who is against all trade deals that boost our economy.
She says she is against the India deal, even though it contains the same provisions that she put on the table; she is against the US deal, even though it saves thousands of jobs in car manufacturing; and most absurdly, she says she is going to rip up the EU deal when she has not even seen what is on the page.
The Opposition have been reduced to this brain-rot: a once great political party is sliding into brain-dead oblivion.
I am very happy to welcome the Prime Minister’s tiny tariff deal, but the fact is that it has put us in a worse position than we were in in March.
He should not over-egg the pudding.
Let us talk about how things are getting worse now.