The International Court of Justice case on genocide is ongoing.
We support the ICJ.
We support its independence.
The ICJ issued a set of provisional measures in this case and we support those measures.
Israel has an obligation to implement them.
It is the UK Government’s long-standing position that any formal determination as to whether genocide has occurred is a matter for a competent court, not for Governments or non-judicial bodies.
The UK is fully committed to upholding our responsibilities under domestic and international law, and we have at all times acted in a manner consistent with our legal obligations, including under the genocide convention.
The devastation from this conflict must end.
Our complete focus is on lifting Israeli restrictions on aid, on freeing the hostages, on protecting civilians and on restoring the ceasefire.
We will work urgently with our allies and partners on further pressure to make Israel change course.
Overnight, the UN’s emergency relief co-ordinator, Tom Fletcher, warned that a genocide was possible in Gaza.
One in five people face starvation.
The entire population is facing high levels of acute food insecurity.
In Gaza, Gaza North, Deir al-Balah, Khan Yunis and Rafah, there is a risk of famine.
There is one primary cause: Israel’s aid blockade since  2 March .
The Security Council was told that civilians in Gaza have, again, been forcibly displaced and confined into ever-shrinking spaces, with 80% of the territory either within Israeli militarised zones or under displacement orders.
Israeli airstrikes on the European hospital in Gaza yesterday killed 28 people, with further reports of at least 48 deaths overnight from strikes elsewhere.
Can the Minister tell us whether the Foreign, Commonwealth  and Development Office has conducted any recent assessment of its own on the risk that the Israeli authorities are committing genocide?
Last night, the UK’s ambassador to the UN rightly called on Israel to lift the restrictions and ensure a return to the delivery of aid in Gaza in line with humanitarian principles and international law.
But that is not enough.
Notwithstanding the Government’s position that it is for judicial bodies to make a determination, what is the Minister’s response to the latest UN assessment that genocide is possible in Gaza?
Can he confirm whether the UK stands by the obligation to prevent duty in the genocide convention?
Parliament needs to know whether the UN emergency relief co-ordinator’s assessment will lead to a shift in the UK Government’s position.
Why is it that when the horrors increase, the UK Government’s position stays the same?
Lastly, to echo the words in Tom Fletcher’s briefing:
“Will you act—decisively—to prevent genocide and to ensure respect for international humanitarian law?”—
or will you instead repeat—
“those empty words: ‘We did all we could’”?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for asking those important questions.
The testimony of the emergency relief co-ordinator, the very most senior official in the world’s entire humanitarian system, given last night at the UN Security Council meeting that we called with our allies, is clearly incredibly important.
I can confirm to the hon.
Member that we do abide by our international law obligations, including to the genocide convention, and we consider in all of our IHL assessments, which are ongoing, all the relevant tests—and we will continue to do so.
The hon.
Gentleman asks important questions, which have echoed in this Chamber yesterday and throughout this long and painful conflict.
This Government have taken steps, whether restoring funding, suspending arms exports or working with our partners in the UN and elsewhere.
But clearly we are in a situation today that nobody in this House would wish to be in—nobody on the Government Benches and, I am sure, nobody on the Opposition Benches either.
We will need to take more and more action until we see the change that we need, but the central question, as I have told this House repeatedly, is that aid is not being allowed into Gaza.