We can see the serious and immediate threats to the viability of Palestinian life, and that is what we are focused on in these most urgent of days.
I call the Father of the House.
I have been a member of the Conservative Friends of Israel for over 40 years, longer than anybody here.
Hamas is a brutal terrorist organisation that hides its own fighters under hospitals, but it is frankly unacceptable to recklessly bomb a hospital.
It is unacceptable to starve a whole people.
Is the Minister aware that many Friends of Israel worldwide, notwithstanding narrow legal definitions, are asking this moral question: when is genocide not genocide?
I have heard in recent weeks a series of powerful interventions from Opposition Members, and I take them seriously with the weight they hold, particularly  from the Father of the House and my neighbour in Lincolnshire.
We will not move towards making determinations from the Dispatch Box on questions of legal determination, but that does not mean we will wait.
The preliminary judgments of the ICJ and the provisional measures it set out are important, and we will abide by them.
As the Minister has said, the situation is intolerable with one in five Gazans facing starvation; the use of aid as a weapon of war by Israel is inexcusable.
The continued firing of rockets by Hamas and detention of hostages are also inexcusable, and it all must end.
I welcome the UK, with our international allies, calling an urgent briefing on the situation at the UN Security Council.
There, the UN humanitarian chief was clear in his warning about the dire consequences of the situation continuing.
What steps are this Labour Government taking to get more aid in, get the hostages out and bring about the ceasefire and two-state solution that we all in this House desperately want to see?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who I know has been long committed to these issues and used to be an aid worker herself.
She is a doughty advocate on these points.
We remain absolutely committed to a two-state solution.
We are focusing all our diplomatic efforts on ensuring that the current approach is changed, that we return to a diplomatic solution, and that we have a ceasefire, the release of hostages and a move back to that two-state solution, which, as she rightly puts it, is vital.
The situation in Gaza is clearly intolerable, and Israel has to find a way of getting aid in safely and without diversion.
But does the Minister agree that we need to be very careful about the use of the word “genocide” and that we do not devalue the word?
It is used to describe the systematic and deliberate murder of 6 million Jews by Nazi Germany.
We must question whether—and I do not believe that—a war designed to release hostages and remove a terrorist threat, against terrorists that hide among the civilian population, crosses that threshold.
It is the long-standing position of Governments of all stripes that it is for international courts to make determinations of that nature, and we will abide by our obligations under international humanitarian law.
Since  2 March , no food or medical aid supplies have reached over 2.3 million Palestinians.
Many of us from across this House have attended many statements and Westminster Hall debates and have submitted parliamentary questions asking the Government about this critical issue.
The hostages still remain in captivity and need to be released, but the reality is that using aid to punish so many people is wrong.
Does the Minister agree that under the genocide convention, the UK as a state party has an obligation not only to prevent and punish genocide, but to avoid actions that may assist or enable genocidal acts?
My hon.
Friend asks important questions about aid access and the nature of aid delivery.