I welcome the investment in my constituency from Project Gigabit’s £157 million deal to upgrade Scotland’s broadband.
The remote jobs market opens up employment opportunities for those who live outside the major cities.
However, several constituents from more rural areas around Bridgend, Armadale, Bo’ness and Bathgate have told me that they have lost out on opportunities for flexible working, and even lost jobs due to poor connectivity.
Can the Minister reassure my constituents that they will not lose out on future opportunities because of where they live?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: in a digital world, we cannot have some people engaged and who have the connectivity they need while others do not, because that simply will not drive forward economic growth in this country.
She makes a very fair point, and yes I can give that guarantee.
I thank the Minister for his response.
During my recent visit to the Nailsea & Backwell disabled access café, I had the privilege of meeting remarkable residents such as Alison.
A recurring theme emerged about accessing Government services, which often assumes internet access and capability.
What additional measures is the Department implementing to ensure that everyone in North Somerset, particularly those with disabilities or limited digital skills, can access vital Government forms and assistance in formats that truly work for them?
There are so many parts of delivering our public services where we can improve productivity if we manage to do so on a digital basis.
I am conscious that, for example, a Doncaster hospital still employs 42 people just to carry around physical medical records.
That is clearly nonsense and we need to change it.
My hon Friend is absolutely right: if we go to a digital future we must be able to take everyone with us.
That must mean that non-digital options should be available to those who are not able to take up digital options.
My constituent John wrote to me to highlight the slow and weak internet connectivity in Boyatt Wood.
Meanwhile, constituents who live in the centre of Eastleigh regularly struggle to  get online.
Does the Minister agree that all my constituents deserve access to fast and reliable broadband?
What assurances can he give them that that is a priority for the Government?
I would argue that her constituents have a right not only to good broadband—if the hon.
Lady wants to come to one of my Building Digital UK drop-in sessions she would be very welcome; we can go through street by street if necessary—but to mobile connectivity.
I bet there are people in her constituency, as there are in every constituency in the land, who see on the Ofcom checker that they have a perfect signal and know that they do not.
That is one thing that I am changing with the deal I have done with Ofcom.
There are some really good examples of the delivery of innovative products that provide access in remote and rural areas and some good small-scale providers, but in the Cairngorms national park area a provider recently unexpectedly ceased the service.
Consumers have been left out on a limb, so is it time to put in place, as with the energy system, consumer protection should a provider fail to provide a service?
I have long thought that digital connectivity is now akin to a connection to electricity, water or any other public utility.
That is how we should treat the law, and I think that would assist the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents.
What steps his Department is taking to support innovation in Hertfordshire.
The Government are committed to supporting innovation in Hertfordshire and across the country, and we are investing a record £20.4 billion in research and development this financial year alone.
In the last financial year, UK Research and Innovation invested £67 million in projects in Hertfordshire.