I really appreciate it.
It is important that we have fair pay for care workers, and that is why we have put in place our fair pay agreement.
This is the first of its type.
It will be applied first to care workers to ensure that they get fair pay, but also a better framework for progression.
As he will know, most people leaving care work are going to the NHS because of the pay and the ability to progress.
Our fair pay agreements will deal with, making sure that in the future those jobs are more secure.
I will just add a declaration of interest: my sister is a care worker—I know at first hand how important the work is and how difficult sometimes the situation facing them is.
I thank the Prime Minister for that reply.
It is a good first step, but we will still see people earning more in Amazon warehouses and supermarkets than in care homes, and that will mean our loved ones going without the care they need.
Turning to the middle east, for more than 10 weeks Israeli forces have blocked food, water and medicine getting into Gaza.
There is now a humanitarian catastrophe, with 2 million people at risk of famine and one in five facing starvation.
Rather than ending this crisis, the Netanyahu Government are planning to seize all Gaza indefinitely.
I know the Prime Minister will agree that the blockade of Gaza should end and I am sure he will agree that it would be appalling if Netanyahu proceeds with that escalation, but will he act now and pick up the phone to President Trump for a joint plan to recognise Palestine and get food, water and medicine into Gaza?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this, because the situation in Gaza is simply intolerable and getting worse.
We are working with other leaders urgently to bring about the rapid and unimpeded flow of humanitarian aid into Gaza, which is desperately needed—obviously, alongside the release of hostages and getting back to a ceasefire—and that  work is going on through my team 24/7.
I do believe that that is the initial action that needs to be taken, but I still fundamentally believe that, however remote it may seem at the moment, the pathway to a two-state solution is the only way for settled and lasting peace in the middle east.
We will continue with our allies to pursue that path.
Found in my constituency, Durdle Door is one of the most iconic bathing sites in all the country.
Last Friday, I was joined at Durdle Door by my hon.
Friends the Members for Bournemouth East (Tom Hayes), for Bournemouth West (Jessica Toale) and for Poole (Neil Duncan-Jordan)—and, most importantly, by Ron the local seal—to test the water quality.
Currently, water quality at bathing sites is monitored only from mid-May to September, which puts at risk the health of all water users, who could be swimming in pollution or sewage.
With that in mind, will the Prime Minister work with me and my hon.
Friends to introduce all-year-round testing at popular bathing sites such as Durdle Door?
Everyone enjoying our beautiful beaches, lakes and rivers is entitled to know that the water is clean and safe.
That is why we are modernising outdated bathing water regulations, including more regular monitoring sites to reflect local demand.
After years of failure by the Conservative party, we are acting through our plan for change with new powers to tackle pollution, including banning bonuses, jail terms for law-breaking bosses and real-time monitors of every sewage outlet.
Diolch yn fawr iawn, Llefarydd.
This Prime Minister once spoke of compassion and dignity for migrants and of defending free movement.
Now he talks of islands of strangers and taking back control.
Somebody here has to call this out.
It seems that the only principle he consistently defends is whichever he last heard in a focus group.