As a number of Members have pointed out, the UK is a party to international agreements that provide a positive obligation to act to prevent genocide and torture and protect the rights of others.
We have an obligation, as a member of the United Nations Security Council and a state party to the Geneva conventions, to promote peace and security.
What advice has the Minister taken on the liability that will attach to him as a decision maker?
Have the Government received advice on whether the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary, any senior officials or previous Ministers may be exposed when the reckoning comes?
As Members would expect, I will not discuss internal legal advice in the Chamber, whether it applies to me or other Ministers.
I reassure the right hon.
Gentleman that, right across Government, we understand the gravity of the situation and the weight that falls on us to ensure changes to this diabolical trajectory.
We will continue to use our role in the Security Council, the G7 and the E3, as we did yesterday, and that action will not stop.
The Minister still refuses to address the central issue, which is that our obligation to prevent genocide under the Rome statute has already been triggered by the ample evidence of Israeli war crimes in Gaza.
In the week marking 77 years since the Nakba, how many more times will he come to the Chamber with just words—words that do nothing?
We need action.
Let us be clear: it is not a case of if but when he will end the UK’s complicity in arming a state that is accused of genocide against the Palestinians, and of when he will finally impose sanctions on Israel.
History will judge his delay.
I remind the House of the decisions that we took last year.
We have discussed the question of the F-35 global spares pool.
The basis on which we made a carve-out is clear and has been debated many times.
Let me be clear: aside from that carve-out, when we came into government, we took on the solemn duty of making an assessment, which did not appear to have been made, of the serious risk of potential breaches of international humanitarian law.
We then suspended arms export licences where those weapons could be used in such conduct—that means in Gaza, on the west bank, and in relation to all the areas where those risks accrued.
We took far-reaching action.
That action is still in place, and we continue to conduct those assessments.
I can understand why many Members may feel frustrated by the F-35 carve-out.
Perhaps they also feel frustrated about our continuing to sell arms that do not risk a violation, according to the assessment that has been much discussed here.
We think it right that we, for example, continue to provide body armour that might be used by non-governmental organisations in Gaza, or provide parts of the supply chain that could end up in the hands of NATO allies.
We have taken far-reaching action on arms.
That is important work that we are proud of.
I have just returned from the High Court this morning, where Government lawyers will argue, in defending the continued supply of F-35 components, that the evidence available does not support a finding of genocide, and that there is a
“tenable view that no genocide has occurred or is occurring”.
It appears that the Government—whether they have told the Minister so or not—have already made a determination, and that explains why they have no intention of asking for an independent assessment of whether a genocide is likely.
The Government know that if they did ask for one, it would reveal an unpalatable truth that would prevent them from supplying Israel with the weapons that it needs to continue its merciless onslaught.
It really is as grubby as that, isn’t it, Minister?
It is not as grubby as that.