I am very happy to welcome the Prime Minister’s tiny tariff deal, but the fact is that it has put us in a worse position than we were in in March.
He should not over-egg the pudding.
Let us talk about how things are getting worse now.
In every month of this year, household names like Sainsbury’s, Tesco, Asda and Santander have cut staff numbers.
The Office for National Statistics estimates that there are 100,000 fewer jobs than there were a year ago—and that was before the Prime Minister’s jobs tax, which will make things worse.
Can he promise the House that by this time next year, unemployment will be lower than it is today?
I think the right hon.
Lady just said “tiny tariff deal”.
Can I suggest that she gets the train to Solihull, which takes two hours, and tells the workforce at Jaguar Land Rover, and their families and communities, that she would rip up the deal that protects their jobs?
When she has done that, she might travel across to Scunthorpe and tell the steelworkers there that she is going to rip up the deal that saves their jobs; then, if she has time, she could go up to Scotland and tell the people at the whisky distilleries that she would rip up the deal that is creating 1,200 jobs for them, boosting their exports; and then she can come back here next week and tell us what reaction she got.
I did not hear a promise to get unemployment down, and that is because the Prime Minister knows things are going to get worse.
This goes wider than businesses.
Last week I met staff and patients at Farleigh hospice.
They do fantastic work, but they need to find an additional £250,000 to pay the jobs tax.
How does the Prime Minister suggest that Farleigh hospice—a charity that relies on donations—pays for his tax hike?
We have provided a £100 million boost for the sector, and children and young people’s hospices received £26 million of funding this year.
The right hon.
Lady turns up every week to carp from the sidelines.
She moans about what we had to do in the Budget to stabilise the economy, but she has not got the courage to stand there and say that she would reverse our decisions on national insurance contributions, and I know why: it is because she does not want to say she is against the £26 billion investment in our NHS, she does not want to say she is against the £1.2 billion more for our police, and she does not want to say she is against the £3.2 billion more for our schools.
All the time, she does not have the courage of her convictions, and it shows that her criticism is totally confected.
I cannot believe the Prime Minister is still using that figure.
We have had this very conversation at the Dispatch Box—he knows it is just capital spending.
Either he is not paying attention or he is saying things to disguise what is going on.
That money will not pay for the jobs tax.
He knows that, and the hospices know it too.
The other people who know that things are getting worse are the five leading business groups in the UK.
They say that his so-called Employment Rights Bill will be “deeply damaging” to growth.
Does the Prime Minister accept that they are right, or does he believe that he knows better than business?
It is the same old Tories every time: better rights for workers are on the table, and they vote against them.
Respect, dignity and protection at work are good for workers, good for the economy and good for growth.
The Prime Minister needs to listen to business.
We cannot have employment rights without employment.
Labour always forgets that it is not Government that creates growth; it is business that creates growth.