What steps his Department is taking to support innovation in Hertfordshire.
The Government are committed to supporting innovation in Hertfordshire and across the country, and we are investing a record £20.4 billion in research and development this financial year alone.
In the last financial year, UK Research and Innovation invested £67 million in projects in Hertfordshire.
For example, more than £650,000 was awarded to Copco Ltd, which is based in Hemel Hempstead, to develop a digitally enhanced low-cost technology in aerostructures.
I was fortunate enough to visit the British Standards Institution in Hemel Hempstead recently to see its work helping businesses to deliver better products and drive towards a more sustainable planet.
Its research shows that 78% of UK companies increase turnover and productivity because of the BSI’s standards.
What steps are the Government taking to support more companies to adopt and certify standards, such as the BSI’s AI management systems standards, so that we can grow the UK tech sector and enable innovation and collaboration safely and securely?
I am extremely grateful for my hon.
Friend’s question; it shows how diligently and assiduously he is working for the businesses in his constituency.
I can assure him that high standards lead to their adoption, and this Government are committed to the very highest of standards.
I saw that myself on visits to Hertfordshire: I visited Airbus and the tech firm Autolus, which are both doing cutting-edge work to the highest of standards, contributing to innovation in our country as well as the area that he represents so well.
The Minister is right that such work is helping not just Hertfordshire but everywhere else.
He has been a regular visitor to Northern Ireland and has taken a specific interest in cyber-security there.
Has he had the opportunity to interact with companies in Northern Ireland to ensure that we can benefit from the expansion of the cyber-security industry?
I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s recognition that I have a personal commitment to Northern Ireland, which I recently visited for the second time.
This Government are committed to cyber-security right across the United Kingdom.
The budgets for it and their application are subject to Barnett consequentials.
I know that he will be working with the devolved Administration to ensure that that money is spent wisely, and in central Government they will have the partner they need.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of AI on the environment.
DSIT works closely with other Departments, including the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero and the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, to align AI energy demand with future energy planning to ensure long-term sustainability.
We understand that AI is an energy-hungry technology, which is why we have set up the AI energy council.
Through that council, we are assessing ways to address the growing energy demands of AI and AI sustainability, including by exploring bold clean energy solutions, from next generation renewables to small modular reactors.
We know that AI has the power to transform civilisation, but its huge drain on the environment is a problem.
For example, ChatGPT has an estimated 57 million daily users, but for every five to 50 questions it is asked, 500 ml of water are used to cool down its data centres.
The Minister has explained some of the work that is being done and I understand that the AI energy council is looking at energy solutions to align the Government’s AI ambitions with our net zero goals, but with the increased incidence of drought and the overall climate emergency, what steps are the Government taking specifically to manage water consumption and sustainability with their AI ambitions?
I assure my hon.
Friend that the Government are committed to ensuring that AI development aligns with sustainability goals.
We welcome the advances in cooling technologies, such as dry cooling and closed-loop systems, in addition to promoting the use of renewable energy resources.