We have to reform the current system to make it better, because what we have does not work.
Every week, I meet families in Barking and Dagenham who tell me that they worry about paying their bills because they are on zero-hours contracts.
My constituents want the chance to work hard in a secure job, earn a decent wage and have dignity in their workplace.
As Labour’s plan for change delivers the biggest uplift in workers’ rights in a generation, does the Prime Minister agree that Reform MPs working and voting against our Employment Rights Bill show that they are no friend of workers in this country?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Let us be clear what the parties opposite voted against.
Stronger statutory sick pay—they voted against.
The right to guaranteed hours—they voted against.
Protection from unfair dismissal—they voted against.
Stronger protection for pregnant mothers—they voted against.
A package worth £600 to the poorest workers in insecure work—they voted against.
We are backing British workers; they vote against them at every turn.
Maternity services in Yeovil are due to shut on Monday, after a deeply flawed Care Quality Commission inspection in January, and are to be moved to Musgrove Park hospital in Taunton, which does not have capacity for an extra 1,300 births a year.[Official Report,  19 May 2025 ; Vol.
767, c. 10WC.] (
Correction) Although the closure is initially for six months, I have received no guarantee that the services will open again, which is creating huge fear.
Will the Prime Minister or the relevant Minister agree to meet me and colleagues from the south-west to stop this decision?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising this issue, which must be of concern.
I am not across the details at this stage, but I will make sure that he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to get to the bottom of the issue.
rose—
That completes Prime Minister’s questions.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
During Prime Minister’s questions, the Leader of the Opposition claimed that unemployment has risen by 10% since the general election.
That figure is completely and utterly incorrect.
It is no wonder that George  Osborne, the former Conservative Chancellor, has said that she has no economic plan if she cannot even get basic statistics right.
Will the Leader of the Opposition return to the House and correct the record?
The accuracy of what a Member states is not a matter for the Chair, but you have corrected the record in your opinion.
We will leave it there for now.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the UK’s assessment of the likelihood of genocide in Gaza.
Yesterday, alongside partners, the UK convened a meeting of the UN Security Council in response to the intolerable civilian suffering and humanitarian need in Gaza.
As I told the House yesterday, Israel’s denial of aid is appalling.
Tonnes of food are currently sitting rotting at the Gaza-Israel border, blocked from reaching people who are starving.
Israeli Ministers have said that Israel’s decision to block this aid is a pressure lever.
This is cruel and indefensible.
Overnight, yet more Palestinians have been killed in Israeli strikes.
This must end.
The message yesterday was clear: the world demands that Israel stops and changes course immediately.
With our allies, we are telling the Government of Israel to lift the block on aid entering Gaza now, and enable the UN and all humanitarians to save lives now.
We need an immediate ceasefire now.
Humanitarian aid must never be used as a political tool or military tactic, and the UK will not support any aid mechanism that seeks to deliver political or military objectives or that puts vulnerable civilians at risk.
The International Court of Justice case on genocide is ongoing.
We support the ICJ.
We support its independence.