Now he talks of islands of strangers and taking back control.
Somebody here has to call this out.
It seems that the only principle he consistently defends is whichever he last heard in a focus group.
So I ask him: is there any belief he holds that survives a week in Downing Street?
Yes, the belief that she talks rubbish.
Mr Speaker—[Interruption.]
Mr Speaker, I want to lead a country where we pull together and walk into the future as neighbours and as communities, not as strangers.
The loss of control of migration by the last Government put all that at risk, and that is why we are fixing the system based on principles of control, selection and fairness.
Council tax is the most regressive and unfair tax in this country.
It has become a tax on deprivation: the less affluent an area, the more you pay; the greater your need, the more you pay.
A band D property in Westminster pays just £1,017 a year.
In Hartlepool, it is £2,495 a year.
For a band H property, the difference between the two areas is £3,000.
It is hammering people in towns like Hartlepool.
Does the Prime Minister agree that this unfairness cannot continue?
Will he commit to addressing this inequality once and for all?
I thank my hon.
Friend; he has been a dedicated campaigner on this issue for a very long time.
As he knows, 14 years of mismanagement by  the Conservative party left councils on their knees, with a total failure to improve and update how councils are funded.
Through £69 billion of funding this year and the upcoming multi-year settlement—the first in over a decade—we will give councils far greater certainty and stability.
Our detailed funding review will create a fairer system to make sure that his constituents see strong, affordable local services.
While the Prime Minister prefers to take to the international stage, back here at home Labour’s Birmingham bin strike is now in its 10th week.
Rubbish is still piled on the streets and recycling goes uncollected, and the reputation of the west midlands is being trashed.
His Ministers continue to wash their hands of this and his mayor does not even want to talk about it.
Will the Prime Minister come to the west midlands and sort this out, because at the moment it is only the squeaky blinders that are winning?
Further evidence of the decline of the Tory party: they say that going to Ukraine at the weekend to try to secure peace for Ukraine, for the security and defence of Europe, is somehow the wrong priority.
That conflict has already massively impacted people in this country through the cost of living crisis and energy.
Ukraine, Europe and we deserve peace, and to live in peace.
Dealing with the bin strikes is a priority.
We continue to call on Unite to suspend the strike immediately and bring the disruption to an end.
We are supporting the council to ramp up the cleaning operation.
We are now collecting over 1,100 tonnes of waste every day and continue to offer our support so that the backlog does not reappear.
Last  week, I visited Sacred Heart primary school in Hyndburn, where the excellent teachers expressed their frustration at the current special educational needs and disabilities system.
One wonderful boy, despite being non-verbal and requiring personal support, has been waiting for over 18 months for an education, health and care plan.
There is a risk that he will not get a place in a school for the year ahead that suits his needs.
How will the Prime Minister ensure that the voices of parents and children are at the heart of the SEND reforms that the Government will bring forward?
I thank my hon.
Friend; she is a powerful champion on this issue.
Our principle is that every young person with special educational needs should receive the right support to succeed.