I assure my hon.
Friend that the Government are committed to ensuring that AI development aligns with sustainability goals.
We welcome the advances in cooling technologies, such as dry cooling and closed-loop systems, in addition to promoting the use of renewable energy resources.
I chair the AI Ministers group, which brings together Ministers from all Departments to co-ordinate cross-cutting challenges, including water consumption.
The astonishingly successful GrowUp vertical agriculture project in Sandwich, in my constituency, is highly dependent on data, which could be hugely assisted by artificial  intelligence.
I understand that agriculture is not represented on any of the working parties.
Will the Minister seek to ensure that agriculture is included and possibly find time to visit the project?
As I have set out, we have inter-ministerial meetings that bring Ministers together, including Ministers from DEFRA.
The Secretary of State regularly meets representatives from the National Farmers Union and other Secretaries of State to discuss these issues.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure the adequate regulation of digital services, in the context of the UK-US trade agreement.
I congratulate the Prime Minister and the Business Secretary on the UK-US trade deal, which, among many provisions, includes the commitment to deepen digital trade.
My Department will continue to work across Whitehall to strengthen the transatlantic trade relationship that benefits our country so greatly.
When it comes to online harms, we will continue to strengthen those provisions too.
Many of my constituents have contacted me with concerns around social media and public health.
Nearly 40% of children report that social media has a negative impact on their mental health and, with glaring holes in the Online Safety Act 2023, dangerous smaller websites remain unregulated.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that protections for children will not be up for negotiation in any deal with the United States?
I am grateful for that question.
I certainly share the hon.
Gentleman’s concern for the welfare of young people online, which is why so many provisions have been brought in since I came into office, including issuing a statement of strategic priorities to Ofcom, tackling intimate image abuse and getting right behind the implementation of the new regulations from January and age verification, which will come in in July.
We are behind those as well as working on what will come next and strengthening it.
I reassure him and the House that online harms are never up for negotiation under this Government.
I call the Chair of the Science, Innovation and Technology Committee.
I really welcome the US-UK trade deal and the fact that the Secretary of State and the Prime Minister kept their commitment not to put online safety on the table in those negotiations.
My Committee’s inquiry into social media misinformation and algorithms has heard evidence that the algorithms in social media drive the spread of misinformation, and we saw the consequences of that in the summer riots.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that, as well as not watering down the Online Safety Act, he will look to strengthen it and is discussing how to do so with our allies in the US?
I reassure my hon.
Friend that I am looking very closely at how we strengthen the online safety regime in order to protect children further into the future.
I have commissioned research into the exact causal relationship between which products young people use and the impact that they have on them, and I will act accordingly from there.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Given the growing concerns around the Online Safety Act, which could be weakened during UK-US trade negotiations, and reports that the Secretary of State is meeting repeatedly with tech giants, including Amazon, Google and Meta, it is vital that children’s safety remains a red line in both our trade policy and our ongoing, evolving data protection framework.