While Labour cancels our tech investment, our competitors—the US, Germany and Japan—are all increasing theirs.
Next month, the Chancellor will cut the Department’s budget in real terms, so can the Secretary of State tell us today whether he will allow the Treasury to cancel more investment in Britain’s future, or will he finally speak up for Britain’s vital tech sector?
We will release the compute strategy.
That strategy will be fully funded and fully delivered—unlike under the Government, which the hon.
Gentleman was part of, that let our country down.
There are  incredible dividends from digital for government administration and service delivery, but some older and vulnerable constituents tell me that they cannot use smartphones or are not online and are worried about being left behind.
I am liaising with Citizens Advice, the local council, Age Concern and others to take action locally to help them.
Can the Minister reassure me that sufficient advice, support and funding will be  made available to my constituents to ensure digital inclusion as we rightly seek to utilise digital far more effectively?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
There are older people, and others for that matter, who either have no online access or do not have a smartphone, who would not be able to access things in a digital world.
That is why we introduced a digital inclusion plan, and that is one of the key differences between a Labour Government and a Tory Government: they did not have any interest in digital inclusion and they did not have a plan for 10 years, and we brought one in.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I welcome to the Gallery the Speakers of Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Falkland Islands, Gibraltar, Montserrat and St Helena.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 14 May.
Over the past week, we have secured a historic trade deal with India and a landmark agreement with the United States, protecting and creating British jobs, slashing tariffs and driving economic growth.
We have also published a White Paper setting out how this Government will end the open borders experiment of the Conservatives, bringing net migration down, backing British workers and delivering fair control of our borders.
I know that the whole House will also want to mark the 40th anniversary of the Bradford City fire.
We remember the victims of that devastating tragedy and celebrate the strength of the community.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Fourteen years of Conservative cuts have stripped the Environment Agency of the resources and the staff it needs to properly deal with badly managed landfill sites blighting communities like mine.
The Jameson Road landfill site in my constituency of Blackpool North and Fleetwood has been producing toxic stenches for more than a year now, causing nosebleeds, headaches, vomiting and breathing problems for my residents.
Will the Prime Minister commit to ensuring that the Environment Agency has the staff and resources to police such badly managed sites across the country, so that it can act swiftly and effectively to protect communities like mine?
I love the fact that when anyone says 14 years of a Conservative Government, Opposition Members all go, “Oh no.”
That is how the country feels.
Once again, a hard-working Labour MP is clearing up the mess that was left behind.
My hon.
Friend’s residents deserve far better, and we expect rapid improvements.
We are closely monitoring air quality and will not hesitate to take further action.
She is right that we must tackle rogue operators who blight our communities.
That is why we have boosted Environment Agency funding by £188 million, alongside tough new rules on incinerators and commercial fly-tippers.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.