Maternity services in Yeovil are due to shut on Monday, after a deeply flawed Care Quality Commission inspection in January, and are to be moved to Musgrove Park hospital in Taunton, which does not have capacity for an extra 1,300 births a year.
Although the closure is initially for six months, I have received no guarantee that the services will open again, which is creating huge fear.
Will the Prime Minister or the relevant Minister agree to meet me and colleagues from the south-west to stop this decision?
We have seen the contempt in which the Government hold the WASPI—Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign—women, pensioners and the disabled, and their contempt for Scotland’s energy sector, job creators and the hospice sector, but that is all a function of policy.
Policy is discretional and therefore, for better or worse—usually worse—legitimate.
Adhering to the ministerial code is not a matter of discretion.
To be honest, it is a little beneath the Leader of the House to say, “We don’t announce things to Parliament first every time, but we do some of the time, and sometimes the House isn’t sitting.”
Every example presented to her today relates to a time when the House was sitting.
When will she relay to the Government and the Prime Minister that Members are severely annoyed by the Government’s repeated inaction?
For her information, contrary to what is being said by the three Scottish craws sitting on a wall behind her, there is no such duty on Scottish Government Ministers as that set out in section 9.1 of the ministerial code.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to ensure that rural communities are supported in the transition from analogue to digital landlines.
One of the things that keeps me awake at night is how we ensure that people are protected—the most vulnerable and rural communities in particular—as we transition from the copper network to fibre.
That is why I was glad that, in November last year, I was able to get all the network operators to sign up to a new code of conduct that will, I think, provide precisely that protection.
Dominic’s aortic aneurysm burst at his rural home five years ago.
With no phone signal in their stone-built house, it was a 50-minute landline call to emergency services that helped his wife keep him alive while they waited for an ambulance.
As Dominic waits for more open heart surgery, can the Minister reassure his family that we are doing all we can to mitigate the risks to him and other vulnerable people during power cuts?
I certainly can.
I send my best wishes to my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
He said that it is a stone-built house; he is absolutely right that there are particular difficulties with mobile signal in stone-built houses—I live in one myself, in Porth in the Rhondda.
One thing that we have done recently, as a result of the pressure that I have put on people, is to ensure that the battery back-up power is not just the Ofcom-guaranteed one-hour minimum, but considerably longer, and that is what lots of the operators are now providing.
What awareness is there in very rural areas where there is not great broadband coverage and very poor indoor mobile phone coverage—sometimes no coverage at all—of the effect of this change, particularly in places where there are frequent and sometimes extended power cuts?
When can we expect a full national awareness campaign?
I welcome the right hon.
Gentleman’s comments—I am glad that he is expressing an interest in this issue.
He took part in a Westminster Hall debate on it only a few weeks ago, when I was a bit grumpy with him, for which I apologise.
He makes some good points.