I have commissioned research into the exact causal relationship between which products young people use and the impact that they have on them, and I will act accordingly from there.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Given the growing concerns around the Online Safety Act, which could be weakened during UK-US trade negotiations, and reports that the Secretary of State is meeting repeatedly with tech giants, including Amazon, Google and Meta, it is vital that children’s safety remains a red line in both our trade policy and our ongoing, evolving data protection framework.
I welcome the comments that he made around the fact that online harms will not be up for negotiation, but can he confirm that the Online Safety Act will not be up for negotiation in the UK-US trade deal now or in the future?
We have just delivered a deal between the UK and the US, and none of it weakened any of the legislation we have that keeps children safe in this country.
We were promised by the Conservatives that we were at the front of the queue for a US trade deal; this Government took us out of the queue altogether and delivered the deal.
The previous Government took a decade; we delivered the deal, and we are strengthening the rights that young people have to keep them safe, not weakening them.
What progress his Department has made on using technology to help increase levels of productivity in the public sector.
This Government are piloting a range of technologies, including generative AI and large language models, across Departments in order to release their potential to boost public sector productivity.
We are aiming for a smarter, smaller state, and that is exactly what we will deliver.
I thank the Secretary of State for that answer.
The Government are rightly focused on driving public sector reforms through the smarter use of technology, and in Basingstoke we have seen what is possible.
ICS.AI has already helped Derby city council to save millions of pounds using AI.
GemaSecure, another local firm, is developing home-grown tech to help to protect vital infrastructure from cyber-threats, and TBSC has produced software to reduce costs wasted on unused IT subscriptions by up to 25%.
Will the Secretary of State join me in Basingstoke to meet those firms and others to discuss how his Department can work with them to help to achieve our mission of building a more efficient, secure and modern public sector?
My hon.
Friend is highlighting the great work coming out of Basingstoke, which will not just contribute to the productivity of local authorities around the country but benefit our entire economy.
I can assure him that this Government are committed to harnessing  the power of British technology, putting it to use for citizens across our country and for productivity in Government, and I look forward to engaging more with the companies he has mentioned.
The use of AI in radiotherapy planning increases productivity twentyfold, yet the Government’s decision to stop funding for AI contouring is estimated to cost waiting lists half a million extra days.
Will the Secretary of State intervene and talk to his friends in the Department of Health and Social Care to make sure that they restore that funding and save lives?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that we are investing heavily in AI technology across the NHS for the benefit of patients.
I have visited Huddersfield hospital, where AI has been fully integrated into the radiography department.
I will look into the specific issue that the hon.
Gentleman has raised, and if there are any conversations to be had, I can assure him that we are on the side of patients and of harnessing technology for the good of patients.
I call the shadow Minister.
Accurate data is important, particularly in the public sector—we will be voting on this later today.
How will the Secretary of State measure his planned productivity improvements?