This Government have taken steps, whether restoring funding, suspending arms exports or working with our partners in the UN and elsewhere.
But clearly we are in a situation today that nobody in this House would wish to be in—nobody on the Government Benches and, I am sure, nobody on the Opposition Benches either.
We will need to take more and more action until we see the change that we need, but the central question, as I have told this House repeatedly, is that aid is not being allowed into Gaza.
While it is not allowed into Gaza, there is nothing that can be done to get the aid at the scale and in the manner necessary to save Palestinian life.
It is on that point that we called the Security Council and on that point that we will continue to act.
Order.
May I remind Members not to use the word “you”, because I am not responsible for some of those statements?
The Minister has repeatedly said that we do everything to observe international law.
Will he please accept that there is a growing body of opinion that says that the UK is not doing that, and that we are not complying with our obligations if we continue to supply parts for the F-35 programme, because these are dropping weapons on children in Gaza?
We cannot say that we  are observing the Geneva conventions, the genocide convention and Rome statute if we continue to supply those goods.
He talks about doing all that we can.
If that is the case, why on earth are we not making it abundantly clear to Israel that trading with it is not an option while this continues?
So in answer to the question “Is he doing all he can?”,
there are many people in this place and beyond who think that we are not.
I know my hon.
Friend’s commitment to these issues over a long period of time.
I do not accept the premise of his question.
Whether or not we abide by our legal obligations is a question that will be determined by the courts.
It is being determined by the courts this week, so I will leave it to the courts to make judgments on our obligations.
We are taking all the steps that we can to bring this conflict to a close.
He mentions the vital question of the F-35 programme.
I know this House understands the significance of that programme, not just in Europe but across the world.
The carve-out that we have put in place has been done on the basis of robust legal advice, which is being tested in the courts this week.
We must abide by our obligations to our allies.
We are not selling F-35s directly to the Israeli authorities.
We continue to supply a global spares pool.
That is necessary for the continued function of the F-35 programme, which has critical importance to European security.
We make these judgments calmly and soberly, and we will continue to do so.
I call the shadow Minister.
The situation in the middle east continues to cause concern.
That is why we on this side of the House have been clear on the need to see the return of the hostages and a lasting ceasefire.
Although we welcome the release of Edan Alexander, there are still 58 hostages held in Gaza by the Iranian-backed terrorists.
Those who are still alive are being held in the most dreadful and appalling conditions, without access to aid and medicines.
What they and their families have been going through for approaching 600 days is unimaginable.
They must be released as a matter of urgency, so can the Minister give an update on the diplomatic steps being taken by the Government to secure the release of the remaining hostages, and what is Britain contributing to those efforts?