I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this crucial issue.
I know that Members across House will have their own personal and tragic experiences of suicide.
We have launched a call for evidence on our men’s health strategy, which will improve men’s health in all parts of the country, including tackling devastatingly high suicide rates.
We are also investing £26 million in new mental health crisis centres, funding talking therapies for 380,000 more people and recruiting 8,500 more mental health workers.
The plans to upgrade St Helier hospital, including the delivery of a new specialist emergency care building, have been put back by 10 years.
I am talking to the trust about a way to bring all or part of those plans forward, but in the meantime there is a very real fear that some of the buildings on the existing estate are at risk of catastrophic failure before the decade is out.
Will the Government reassure me that they will work with the local trust on a plan to maintain and adapt the existing estate to ensure that St Helier hospital can survive all the way through to the completion of the major works?
The hon.
Member’s constituents have been badly let down by the previous Government’s empty promises, which were never going to be delivered.
We have put the new hospitals programme on a sustainable financial footing and increased the NHS capital budget to record levels, so that we can address the backlog of critical maintenance, repairs and upgrades.
I will make sure that he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss that particular case.
Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes is the renewable energy capital of England, delivering home-grown, secure energy and boosting local skills.
More than 12,000 people are employed in a clean energy job in Greater Lincolnshire, but those jobs are now under threat from Reform’s new mayor, who has declared war on renewables, putting livelihoods at risk.
What steps will the Prime Minister take to protect jobs by supporting the supply chain and delivery of renewable projects?
My hon.
Friend is a superb champion for energy security, driving down bills and the good secure jobs that renewables offer.
Those on the Opposition Benches are climate defeatists—anti-jobs, anti-growth, anti-business and anti-investment—and they should try to peddle their policies to the tens of thousands of people in this country who work in renewables every single day.
Those on the Opposition Benches do not think that Britain has the skills and they would deny us incredible opportunities.
We are focused on securing billions in investment, creating tens of thousands of jobs and taking us off the rollercoaster of international fossil fuels.
My constituent Victor Franklin was made severely disabled after a savage dog attack left him with multiple  amputations.
Will the Prime Minister explain why pensioners, such as Victor, who become severely disabled after retirement are excluded from claiming personal independence payment and are instead limited to the lesser support of attendance allowance, and will he commit to reviewing that unfair rule?
May I extend my thoughts to Victor and the awful circumstances that the hon.
Lady describes, which must be extremely challenging.
We do have to reform the system because it is not working—I think there is general agreement about that—but the principles must be clear: we protect and secure those in need of protection and security; we help those who can work into work; and we believe that those who can work should work.
We have to reform the current system to make it better, because what we have does not work.
Every week, I meet families in Barking and Dagenham who tell me that they worry about paying their bills because they are on zero-hours contracts.
My constituents want the chance to work hard in a secure job, earn a decent wage and have dignity in their workplace.