Surely that recognition is long overdue.
My hon.
Friend asks important questions about assessments.
Those are made regularly, on a rolling basis, and in the light of new events.
I reassure her that we do not wait for assessments or final legal determinations before taking action.
I have listed some of that action already, and I reassure her that we will work urgently with our allies and partners on further pressure to make Israel change course.
Even if the Minister cannot condemn what is obviously an act of genocide, will he tell us in clear terms whether we are still supplying parts for F-35 jets that find their way to Israel and take part in the bombardment of Gaza?
Are there still flights going from RAF Akrotiri over to Israel that are carrying military equipment that can be used either to bomb Gaza or to undertake military action against the people of the west bank?
The decisions that we take on arms bind every part of the UK Government.
We are a Government committed to abiding by our international legal obligations, and we will continue to do so.
Let me be clear, again, on the position on F-35s.
The F-35 sales directly to Israel, whether in relation to any particular component, have been suspended.
Sales to a global pool, which are necessary for the continued function of the global F-35 programme, have not been suspended.
Where sales go to a global pool, it is clearly possible that they could find a final destination in Israel, but to suspend our provision of components to the F-35 global pool would, in effect, render the F-35 programme inoperable.
It is on that basis that we set out the decisions that we took in September.
May I put on record the relief that I and many others feel about the release of Edan Alexander?
I am saying a prayer for the other hostages.
Every week that we come back to this House the horror is greater.
Many of us woke up this morning to a spokesperson for the Israeli Government on the “Today” programme denying that there is hunger in Gaza at all.
This House knows the reality: we are 10 weeks into a  blockade of aid by the Israeli Government, and one in five are starving.
The Minister will know that Tom Fletcher spoke passionately and with purpose yesterday at the UN about the collective failure of the UN to speak out previously.
How do we avoid that this time?
What more evidence do we need before we take action, and what more action can be done?
As I said earlier, the words of Tom Fletcher in the United Nations Security Council are important.
The Integrated Food Security Phase Classification assessment that was produced on Monday—that assessment is authoritative and thorough in its production—is the most important indication of needs in Gaza.
It should be taken seriously by everyone in this Chamber, and indeed by the Israeli Government.
My hon.
Friend has long been committed to these issues, and he knows the actions that we have taken so far.
I will not speculate from the Dispatch Box, other than to reassure the House that we will be working urgently with our allies and partners to ensure that Israel changes course.
There can be few now who would believe that the conduct of the Netanyahu Government is anything other than gross and disproportionate.
However, does the Minister agree with me that the actor in the region that has unequivocally embarked on genocide is Hamas, with their self-avowed policy of killing Jews and eradicating the state of Israel?
I have condemned Hamas for their despicable actions and ugly and unacceptable rhetoric many times from this Dispatch Box, and I am happy to do so again.
It is the events of  7 October , in all their full horror, that triggered this most recent, most horrific round of violence.