Since July, we have driven over £1.5 billion of private investment into Wales, delivering hundreds of jobs.
Last month, I was delighted to welcome Knauf Insulation’s new £170 million investment in Shotton.
Our Welsh freeports and investment zones will unlock further private investment and deliver tens of thousands of jobs across all four corners of Wales.
Last month, Lloyds Bank reported a significant increase in Welsh business confidence, and our industrial strategy will provide further confidence to invest in Wales.
This Labour Government are creating good, well-paid jobs across the whole of the UK, including in my Paisley and Renfrewshire South constituency.
Will the Secretary of State explain what she is doing, in collaboration with Cabinet colleagues, to ensure that those new jobs are well paid and have good terms and conditions?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the Labour Government’s record of creating hundreds of thousands of new jobs across the UK.
In Wales, we have two Labour Governments working together to create new jobs in our green industries, advanced manufacturing and more.
I hope that Scotland also gets to experience the benefit of two Labour Governments working in partnership when the Scottish National party is resigned to the wilderness at next year’s election.
The multibillion-pound deal to secure a new Universal theme park in Bedfordshire is a major example of the Government backing our crucial culture sector,  creating new jobs and boosting living standards for my constituents and the wider region.
What are the UK and Welsh Labour Governments doing to support the culture sector and create new jobs in Wales?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
Many people in Wales will be looking forward to visiting the new Universal Studios theme park in her constituency.
In Wales, we are supporting a thriving creative industries sector, which our industrial strategy has rightly identified as providing more potential for huge economic growth in the years ahead.
We have confirmed £10 million to upgrade Venue Cymru in Conwy—the largest arts centre in Wales outside Cardiff—and £5 million to fund repair works to the Newport transporter bridge, both of which play a crucial role in the tourism economy.
The Welsh Government are also investing £12 million in the Elan valley lakes Project through the mid-Wales growth deal.
Job creation in Wales is vital, so what representations has the Secretary of State made on behalf of businesses in Wales and the rest of Great Britain, which are being forced not to supply businesses in Northern Ireland any more because of the outrageous and unnecessary parcel border in the Irish sea?
What is she doing to right the wrongs of the ongoing damage of the protocol and the Windsor framework to our Union and our economy?
The hon.
Lady will know that the Government’s No.
1 mission is economic growth.
We are creating jobs all across the country, we are building the economy and we have fixed the foundations.
We will hear more from the Chancellor this afternoon on what will happen in the years ahead.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Turbocharging the Welsh economy—and the economy at large, frankly—is vital for social mobility and prosperity.
We Conservatives delivered two Welsh investment zones, two freeports, more than £1 billion in extra funding, and we helped more than 2 million women into the jobs market across the UK.
Yet the UK and Welsh Labour Governments are undoing that work.
Their jobs tax, their tourism tax and the 20 mph default speed limit are a hammer blow to business confidence, particularly in the hospitality sector.
Disgracefully, the unemployment rate for young women in Wales is up by 4.6%.
Will the Secretary of State join me in calling for those damaging policies to be dropped so that our young women can get into the workforce and progress?
I say again that the positive impact of the UK and Welsh Labour Governments is clear in how the Welsh economy is changing.