Friend for the role that she and others played in seeing Davy Russell elected.
He will be a dedicated champion for his and her constituents.
After nearly two decades in power,  the SNP got its verdict last Thursday: Scotland wants change.
People know that the SNP is completely out of ideas.
That is why they want a Labour Government to deliver real change.
My driving purpose since I became Chancellor is to make working people in all parts of our country better off, to rebuild our schools and our hospitals, and to invest in our economy so that everyone has the opportunity to succeed after 14 years of mismanagement and decline by the party opposite, culminating in a £22 billion black hole in the public finances.
That was the Conservatives’ legacy, and the first job I faced as Chancellor was to set it right.
So at the Budget last October and again in the spring, I made the choices necessary to fix the foundations of our economy.
We wasted no time in removing the barriers to growth: the biggest overhaul of our planning system in a generation; launching Britain’s first National Wealth Fund; and reforming our pensions system to unlock billions of pounds of investment into our economy.
We are starting to see the results.
The stability we have provided has helped support four cuts in interest rates, saving hundreds of pounds a year for families with a mortgage.
Real wages have grown by more in the first 10 months of this Labour Government than in the first 10 years of the Conservative Government.
And the latest figures show that we are the fastest growing economy in the G7.
Countries around the world are lining up to do business with Britain again, with new trade deals with India, the United States and the European Union.
We are renewing Britain, but I know that too many people in too many parts of our country are yet to feel it.
This Government’s task, my task as Chancellor, and the purpose of this spending review is to change that—to ensure that renewal is felt in people’s everyday lives, in their jobs, and on their high streets.
The priorities of this spending review are the priorities of working people: to invest in Britain’s security and Britain’s health and to grow Britain’s economy so that working people are better off.
Today, I am allocating the envelope I set out in the spring.
I am enormously grateful to my excellent team of officials at the Treasury and to my right hon.
Friend the Chief Secretary to the Treasury for his tireless work throughout this process, crunching the numbers and looking at the assets and liabilities.
On that note, I thank all my Cabinet colleagues for their contribution to this process—they are all assets to this Labour Government.
In this spending review, total departmental budgets will grow by 2.3% a year in real terms.
Compare that to the Conservatives’ choice of austerity.
In contrast to our increase of 2.3%, they cut spending by 2.9% a year in 2010.
Let us be clear: austerity was a destructive choice for both the fabric of our society and our economy, choking off investment and demand and creating a lost decade for growth, wages and living standards.
That is their legacy.
My choices are different.
My choices are Labour choices—the choices in this spending review that are possible only because of my commitment to economic stability and the decisions this Government have made.
The Conservatives’ fiscal rules guaranteed neither stability nor investment, and that is why I changed them.
My fiscal rules are non-negotiable, and they are the foundation for stability and investment.
My first rule is for stability: day-to-day Government spending should be paid for through tax receipts.
That is the sound economic choice.
It also the fair choice, because it is not right to expect our children and future generations to pay for the services we rely on today.