I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this.
I believe this Government will seize the opportunities of net zero for working people, creating good, skilled jobs and taking them off the rollercoaster of volatile fossil-fuel markets.
Under past Governments, hard-working communities had their pride and their jobs ripped away, and we will never do that in relation to a transition.
We have already seen £40 billion of investment in energy and renewables, and the CBI data shows that 38,000 jobs in Wales are linked to clean energy.
I want to see more of that; both the Conservatives and Reform are against it.
I thank the hon.
Member for championing this really important issue.
My late mother had diabetes, so I know at first hand just what a struggle it can be and how important this is.
Type 1 diabetes is not preventable, as she knows, but the sooner we can reach people, the sooner we can care for them.
We have a screening programme in the UK available to families across the country, and over 20,000 children have already taken part.
It is really important that we continue to deliver that, but I thank her for continuing to champion this and to raise her voice on this very important issue.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent discussions she has had with the Welsh Government on the potential merits of devolving the Crown Estate.
I wish to start by paying tribute to Sir Billy Boston, the trailblazing Welsh rugby league legend who received a knighthood this week.
It is fitting that Sir Billy is first recipient of a knighthood for services to rugby league, and I commend those colleagues who have campaigned so hard for this well-deserved award.
This Government are totally focused on taking maximum advantage of the opportunities that floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea presents for Wales.
The industry has the potential to create more than 5,000 jobs and bring £1.4 billion of investment into the UK economy in coming years.
We do not support devolution of the Crown Estate, as that would risk market fragmentation, jeopardising those jobs and the significant investment that Wales deserves.
In contrast to that, recent research by the Crown Estate Scotland has revealed that in one 12-month period, the Crown Estate helped its tenants to generate an economic impact of £2.1 billion, and supported almost 17,000 jobs.
A decade on from the devolution of the Crown Estate’s assets and revenue, Scottish voters are enjoying the benefit.
How can the Secretary of State continue to justify withholding the same profits from Wales, when in Scotland, those profits are being put back into the Scottish purse, where they belong?
I am afraid that I will not take any lectures on the Crown Estate from the SNP, whose mismanagement of the Scottish seabed has seen Scottish assets sold off on the cheap.
We are focused on doing whatever it takes to secure the more than 5,000 jobs, and billions of pounds of investment, that the Crown Estate can help to unlock for Wales.
Devolving the Crown Estate sounds like such a wonderful idea, but the truth is that it really is not, and the continued lobbying and  loud chat about devolving the Crown Estate is jeopardising future investment in Wales, and jobs.
Does the Secretary of State agree?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
If we were to devolve the Crown Estate and introduce a new entity, that would risk market fragmentation, complicate existing processes, and delay further development offshore, jeopardising those jobs and that investment.
Even if it could be done without risking the revenues, that would not automatically lead to more money for the Welsh Government, because any revenues they retained would likely be offset through reductions to the block grant, as is the case in Scotland.
Meanwhile, Wales would no longer benefit from Crown Estate assets and profits in England.
There is no long-term vision.