The Chancellor is investing £39 billion over the next 10 years—almost double what we saw under the last Government—and it is no wonder the National Housing Federation welcomed this as transformative, saying it offers “real hope” to the thousands who need safe, secure and affordable homes.
It is National Diabetes Week, and as someone living with type 1, as we both are, Mr Speaker, I am more than aware of the serious complications of diabetic ketoacidosis—DKA—which can prove fatal if not caught early enough.
A quarter of children are diagnosed with  type 1 diabetes when in DKA, and that could be avoided with early diagnosis.
Will the Prime Minister commit to rolling out a national universal screening programme, as seen in Italy, for type 1?
I thank the hon.
Member for championing this really important issue.
My late mother had diabetes, so I know at first hand just what a struggle it can be and how important this is.
Type 1 diabetes is not preventable, as she knows, but the sooner we can reach people, the sooner we can care for them.
We have a screening programme in the UK available to families across the country, and over 20,000 children have already taken part.
It is really important that we continue to deliver that, but I thank her for continuing to champion this and to raise her voice on this very important issue.[Official Report,  2 July 2025 ; Vol.
770, c. 3WC.] (
Correction)
It is crystal clear how social media and smartphones are harming our young people, with cyber-bullying, addiction and exploitation rife.
Governments elsewhere are taking bold action.
I understand that Ministers are considering a two-hour limit, but that is per app rather than per day.
I know the Prime Minister takes this seriously, so can he update the House on what he wants to see happen and what action this Government will take to protect our children?
It is important that we take action to protect our children.
From July, tough new rules will mean platforms must protect children in the UK from seeing harmful and violent content.
We do need to look at what other measures are needed to create safer online experiences for young people and we will not hesitate to take further steps.
Concerning new statistics show that delays in cancer treatment in North Norfolk are greater than the national average.
Much of this relates to the struggles we face specifically as an older rural constituency.
I was elected on a promise to get our NHS back and fighting fit after the criminal damage inflicted on it by the Conservatives.
Does the Prime Minister recognise that rural health services face acute and specific challenges?
Will he give his word to the people of North Norfolk that the reforms and spending we need will come forward to address them?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this really important issue for his constituents.
I think it does impact rural areas in particular.
We have set out record funding for the NHS.
We have our cancer plan, and I can give him that reassurance.
The Prime Minister and Members across the House will have witnessed the spectacular victory for Davy Russell and Scottish Labour at the Hamilton, Larkhall and Stonehouse by-election.
My constituents are sick of SNP failure and they voted for change: change for their NHS, for their schools and for Scotland.
Has the Prime Minister seen the calls from within the SNP for John Swinney to resign?
Does he agree with me that a leader who has only ever lost elections to the Labour party should stay put?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the role that she and others played in seeing Davy Russell elected.
He will be a dedicated champion for his and her constituents.
After nearly two decades in power,  the SNP got its verdict last Thursday: Scotland wants change.