I know that the right hon.
Lady does not mention that—she is fixated on talking Britain down.
We are investing in the future.
Even in the last two weeks, we have had the strategic defence review, with 30,000 new jobs building submarines.
Yesterday we had the Sizewell announcement, which will create 10,000 new jobs, and there will be tens of thousands of construction jobs building the social and affordable housing that was announced this morning.
That is the difference that Labour makes in government.
The Prime Minister must be talking about a different economy.
All of us in this House heard about unemployment increasing—unemployment has increased every month since Labour took office.
Last year, the Prime Minister said that he was taking the winter fuel payment away to balance the books, but the books are not balanced; in fact, they are worse.
This year, the deficit is forecast to be £10 billion higher since the Budget—not since last year’s election, but since the Budget.
In what way are the books now balanced?
The right hon.
Lady has obviously missed the interest rate cuts, the growth figures for earlier this year, the strategic defence review, £15 billion going into local transport, free school meals, Sizewell and social housing.
She stands at the Dispatch Box to lecture us, and I see that Liz Truss is obviously back in vogue, advising Reform officially now and haunting the Tories.
I remind the Leader of the Opposition that the shadow Home Secretary, who I think was then Chief Secretary to the Treasury, gave the Liz Truss Budget 9.5 out of 10.
The Leader of the Opposition said that what was wrong with Liz Truss’s Budget was not necessarily the package—that was all right—but the way it was sold.
The Tories have learned absolutely nothing.
The Prime Minister loves talking about Liz Truss.
Why?
Because he wants to hide from his own economic record.
He is a coward.
Every time he stands at the Dispatch Box and talks about Liz Truss, it is because he is scared of talking about his record and what is happening to the economy out there.
Let us bring the Prime Minister back to the U-turn that he is running away from—a U-turn on a policy that his MPs went out defending time and again.
Let us go through what is happening here.
One minute, they said that it was right to take the winter fuel payment away, because there might be a run on the pound; the next  minute, they said it was right to give it back.
This is laughable.
The Prime Minister stands there, all puffed up and self-righteous.
Why can he not just admit that he made a mistake?
The Conservatives left a £22 billion black hole that we had to fill, and that is why we took the right decisions.
We have stabilised the economy, which is why we have seen four interest rate cuts.
We have committed to the triple lock, which the Opposition say is unsustainable—that is £470 for most pensioners—and we have had good quarter 1 growth.
Three weeks ago, I said that I wanted more pensioners to be eligible for the winter fuel payment.
I am really pleased that we set out the threshold and the certainty that is needed.
The right hon.
Lady says that I do not want to talk about our record, but what about three trade deals, record investment, free school meals, breakfast clubs, social and affordable housing, the defence review, Sizewell—we could go on all morning, but the Chancellor will say even more in a minute.
At the weekend, the right hon.
Lady said that she would be getting better in the role.
She could start by apologising for the Liz Truss Budget; that would be better.
I get better every week; the Prime Minister gets worse.
Last week—[Interruption.]
Order.