So can I ask the Chancellor: will she be open about what she has done?
Will she admit that she has made a conscious choice to borrow more and to accept higher debts?
Does she accept that this means interest rates and mortgages will be higher than they would otherwise have been, as the OBR itself has said?
Given that she continues to claim that she has brought stability to the public finances, can I ask her what on earth her definition of “stability” is?
The Chancellor must be delighted that she does not have to face a new OBR forecast today, because if she did, she would have to set out how she would fund her humiliating U-turn on winter fuel payments, having already blown the savings on buying off her trade union paymasters last year.
She said this week that there was still
“work to do to ensure the sums always add up”.
From the person in charge of the nation’s finances, that is hardly reassuring.
You do not need to have worked at the Bank of England for a decade to know that that pitiful utterance is unlikely to soothe the markets.
So can the Chancellor confirm categorically that there will be no additional borrowing to pay for this chaotic reversal?
And if that is the case, can she explain how on earth it can be paid for without raising taxes?
Can she explain why, last summer, apparently to avoid a run on the pound, this measure was so urgent that pensioners had to be left in the cold over the last winter?
What exactly has changed?
Because it certainly has not been made possible by an improvement in the economy or the public finances, which the Institute for Fiscal Studies said this week are both in a worse state now than when Labour came into office.
If we had an OBR forecast, we might also get some answers on how the Government intend to find £3.5 billion to abolish the two-child benefit cap, which we are led to believe is imminent—another addition to the ballooning  welfare bill; another expensive surrender to the Labour left.
And we would certainly get the OBR’s assessment of the economic outlook following the tariffs—changes that the right hon.
Lady knew full well were coming.
Meanwhile, her deluge of taxes and regulations has left business confidence at record lows, costing people their livelihoods.
Only yesterday we saw the latest evidence of that.
Figures for last month show that the number of people on payrolls fell by more than 100,000, after already falling by 55,000 in April.
Unemployment is up by more than 10% since Labour came to office.
The right hon.
Lady may trumpet extra spending today, but is it not the simple truth that she has trashed the economy and left no contingency in the face of a highly volatile global outlook?
Is it not the reality that the Chancellor knows she will have to come back in the autumn with more tax rises to fund these plans?
Or can she assure us right now that this is not the case—yes or no?
We know that the Deputy Prime Minister has helpfully provided her with an entire brochure of tax rises that she will no doubt be perusing over the summer—the Corbynist catalogue.
Can the Chancellor confirm that, as promised, the income tax thresholds will not be frozen at the Budget, a move she herself said would hurt working people?
What about the uncertainties in the departmental spending plan that the Chancellor has set out today?
Can she assure us that these plans will not be topped up and that no backroom deals have been cut with disgruntled Cabinet Ministers?
Can she assure us that the capital allocations announced today will actually be spent on capital and will not be diverted in-year, as she has done in the past, to day-to-day budgets to play more games with her fiscal rules?