We are investing over £2.5 billion in a  new small modular reactor programme.
Our preferred partner is Rolls-Royce—a great British company based in Derby.
This investment is just one step towards our ambition for a full fleet of small modular reactors, and it provides a route for private sector-led advanced modular reactor projects to be deployed across the UK.
Alongside these actions, we are making nuclear-approved land available in Sellafield to attract private investment and create thousands more jobs.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  for his work in this area.
To strengthen Britain’s position at the forefront of a global race for new nuclear technologies—a cause championed by Mayor of the East Midlands Claire Ward and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bassetlaw (Jo White) —and to support pioneering work taking place in West Burton in Nottinghamshire, we are investing over £2.5 billion in our nuclear future.
To back British industries, pioneering work in carbon capture, usage and storage will take place.
Last year we announced funding for two sites, one on Merseyside and one in Teesside, where we are building the world’s first commercial-scale CCUS plant.
Today I can announce support for the Acorn project in Aberdeenshire to support Scotland’s transition from oil and gas to low-carbon technology—a challenge and an opportunity well understood by the leader of Scottish Labour Anas Sarwar and my right hon.
Friend the Scotland Secretary.
We are also backing the Viking project in Humberside—a cause long supported by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes (Melanie Onn) .
Because I am determined to ensure that the energy technologies of the future are built here and owned here and that jobs come to Britain, this spending review invests in the wholly publicly owned Great British Energy, headquartered in Scotland.
These investments will ensure that the towns and cities that powered the last industrial revolution play their part in our next industrial revolution.
Reducing our reliance on overseas oil and gas, protecting working families from price shocks, and a new generation of energy industries for a renewed Britain—that is my choice, that is Labour’s choice, that is the choice of the British people.
Economic security relies on our ability to buy, make and sell more here in Britain.
In April, this Government faced a choice: to let British Steel in Scunthorpe go under or to intervene. [
Interruption.]
That choice was a choice not of the metal trader but of this Labour Government.
We heard representations from workers, trade unions and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Sir Nicholas Dakin) .
My right hon.
Friend the Business Secretary and I were not prepared to tolerate a situation in which Britain’s steel capacity was fatally undermined.
We were not prepared to see another working-class community lose the pride, prosperity and dignity that industry provides, so we did intervene to save British Steel and the jobs that come with it, and I am proud of that decision.
The Government will invest in Scunthorpe’s long-term future and the future of steelworks across our great country.
In a vote of confidence in our home-grown steel, Heathrow airport, where we are backing London by backing a third runway, has signed the UK steel charter—a multibillion-pound airport expansion backed by Labour and built with British steel.
Building our train and tram lines, our military hardware and our new power stations will mean orders for steel made in Britain at Sheffield Forgemasters, where we are investing in nuclear-grade steel, and in Port Talbot, where the spending review confirms the £500 million grant to Tata Steel.
A future for British-made steel and a proud future for Britain’s steel communities.
Things built to last, built here in Britain—that is my choice, that is Labour’s choice, that is the choice of the British people.
This Labour Government are backing British business.