Even if it could be done without risking the revenues, that would not automatically lead to more money for the Welsh Government, because any revenues they retained would likely be offset through reductions to the block grant, as is the case in Scotland.
Meanwhile, Wales would no longer benefit from Crown Estate assets and profits in England.
There is no long-term vision.
Torfaen council has voted unanimously to devolve the Crown Estate to Wales, which means that every local authority in Wales, including every Labour-run council, supports the policy.
Does the Secretary of State really believe that the UK Labour Government know better than the entirety of Welsh local government?
When Wales speaks with one voice, isn’t it time that Wales’s voice in the Cabinet says the same thing?
I refer the right hon.
Lady to my previous answer.
Was that the answer?
It is hardly even looking at the question.
In opposition, the Secretary of State for Wales joined Plaid Cymru in condemning the Conservatives for denying Wales £4.6 billion in rail funding.
Now in government, she is waxing lyrical about 10% of that, and she was recently content to move the goalposts and deny Wales a further £300 million by classifying the Oxford-Cambridge line as benefiting Wales.
I don’t know how they make this up.
Does she oppose that new injustice, or was she ignored?
Or is it her mission to see Wales short-changed?
I listened carefully to the right hon.
Lady’s question, and I am sure that she would not wish unintentionally to mislead the House.
The situation regarding the Oxford-Cambridge line was an error made by the Conservative Government in the 2021 spending review, and as she knows, heavy rail infrastructure is reserved, not devolved, so for every heavy rail project in England, Barnett consequentials do not apply.
The UK Government fund that is funding East West Rail is also directing funding projects in Wales, such as the redevelopment of Wales’s busiest station, Cardiff Central; improvements to level crossings in north Wales; and upgrades to the south Wales relief lines.
I know that all 27 Welsh Labour MPs are looking forward to hearing what the Chancellor has to say today about rail investment, after all their excellent advocacy on behalf of people across Wales.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of increased defence spending on Wales.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the Government’s increased defence spending on Wales.
In the spring statement, the Chancellor announced a £2.2 billion increase to the defence budget for 2025-26.
That will help grow the Welsh economy and our thriving defence sector in Wales, which is home to more than 7,000 jobs, supported by the Ministry of Defence and major companies such as QinetiQ, BAE Systems, Airbus, General Dynamics and Thales.
As part of the strategic defence review, a £100 million boost was announced for the repair and renewal of military homes in Wales, benefiting hundreds of service families.
I was glad that the Government’s strategic defence review was launched in Scotland last week, where increased defence spending will create new jobs and fuel economic growth, despite the SNP’s refusal to back it.
I was similarly pleased that the SDR included hundreds of millions of pounds of investment in forces housing in both Wales and Scotland.
Will the Minister update the House on the positive impact that the review will have in Wales, and across the Union?
I warmly welcome the £100 million boost for military homes in Wales—part of the £7 billion spend to tackle the state of armed forces accommodation in this Parliament.
That will support urgent repairs, such as fixing boilers and roofs and tackling damp and mould, and facilitate the long-term renewal of military housing for hundreds of service families across Wales.
That follows our action to bring 36,000 homes on the defence estate, including more than 700 in Wales, back into public ownership.