I get better every week; the Prime Minister gets worse.
Last week—[Interruption.]
Order.
I say to the Member shouting that if you think that is a good look, let me tell you that it is a very bad look.
Think twice before you try to shout somebody down in that way.
I call Kemi Badenoch.
Last week, the Prime Minister had to get his lines from the Russian embassy.
I think we all know that he is getting worse, and what he does not want to talk about is how he is going to make the economy better.
That is what the people out there want to hear, and he has got no answers.
His trade deals have unravelled.
With the strategic defence review, everyone out there is asking where the money is coming from.
The fact is that he does not know how to balance the books.
The Chancellor says that the winter fuel payment U-turn will not be funded through higher borrowing, so will the Prime Minister admit that it will be funded by putting everybody’s taxes up?
I think the right hon.
Lady let slip on the Matt Forde programme the other day that she rehearses her fury for PMQs, so there was a very good rehearsal this morning, I think.
She asks what we are doing.
At the Budget, we put record investment in our NHS and our public services.
She comes every week to carp on about national insurance, but she does not stand there with the courage of her convictions and say that she will actually reverse it.
The reason she will not is because she will not stand up and say she is against the investment in the NHS.
She will not stand up and say she is against the investment in our public services.
We will all listen very carefully in just 20 minutes, when the Chancellor lays out more record investment, as to whether the Conservatives welcome it or whether they say they would not support it.
Every week I come here to tell the Prime Minister the truth.
The truth is that the economy is in a spiral because Labour—all of them—put up taxes, which cuts growth.
We all heard the Prime Minister.
He did not rule out tax rises, so the Government are going to have to put up taxes even more.
This is a spiral.
If that was not bad enough, this morning we heard that because of his terrible Chagos deal, Mauritius is scrapping income tax.
Why on earth should the British taxpayer pay £30 billion for tax cuts in Mauritius?
Diego Garcia is a vital intelligence and strategic capability, and it is absolutely clear that legal uncertainty would compromise it in very short order—that is why the Conservatives started the negotiations in relation to it—and no responsible Prime Minister would let that happen.
We have secured the base for the long term.
That has been welcomed by our allies—by the US, by NATO, and by Australia, New Zealand and India.
It has been opposed by our adversaries—by Russia, China and Iran.
In the second column, we add Reform following Putin, and the Tories following Reform.
The Prime Minister knows this has nothing to do with national security; it is his bad negotiating.
I have had the security briefings; it was a bad deal before, and it is still a bad deal.
In half an hour, the Chancellor is going to stand up and tell us that everything is fine, but the truth is that she has made bad choices—bad choices that mean higher inflation, bad choices that have led to lower growth, and bad choices that have meant that jobs have been lost every single month since Labour came into office.
That is hundreds of thousands of families who have lost their income in Stoke, Grangemouth and Luton.
Those are their constituencies and businesses across the country.
The Chancellor has lost all her headroom.