We will honour the 72 men, women and children who lost their lives by delivering meaningful and lasting change—a country with safe and secure homes for everyone, where justice is done for the Grenfell community.
Acting alongside our allies, we have sanctioned individuals responsible for inciting appalling settler violence and expansion.
We have done that to uphold human rights and defend the prospect of a two-state solution.
We will continue to support all efforts to secure a ceasefire, the release of all hostages—despicably held by Hamas—and the humanitarian aid that needs to surge in.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Diolch, Mr Llefarydd.
My constituent Mr Michael O’Leary was brutally murdered five years ago, and his body was desecrated.
Working alongside the hon.
Members for York Outer (Mr Charters) and for Montgomeryshire and Glyndŵr (Steve Witherden), I have made a number of requests to discuss the case of Mr O’Leary, and those of other victims, with Ministers and to explore introducing legislation to make the desecration of a body a criminal offence.
Will the Prime Minister meet Mr O’Leary’s family and the families of other victims, including April Jones of Machynlleth, Sarah Everard and Helen McCourt, to hear why they are calling for the introduction of a new criminal offence of desecrating a body?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising this horrific case and the other, similar cases.
My thoughts—and, I am sure, the thoughts of the whole House—are with Michael’s family and all those affected by such vile crimes.
I think we all need to listen to what they have to say.
I know that she has been working with my hon.
Friend  the Member for York Outer (Mr Charters)  on this issue, and I pay tribute to her and to all those who are working so hard on the issue.
I am sure that the Justice Minister will be in touch at the first opportunity to take this forward.
I thank the hon.
Lady again for raising a really important issue.
In  Gloucestershire, after 14 years, waiting lists for both physical and mental health are finally falling.
Last week I hosted a roundtable with young people and heard how music and arts programmes, such as Gloucester’s fantastic Music Works, are transforming mental health outcomes.
I also chaired a Comedy-on-Prescription panel at South by Southwest with Lu Jackson and Jonathan Pie, utilising laughter to improve wellbeing and reduce waiting lists.
Can I ask the Prime Minister to back our campaign for creative health, and urge him to go further in reducing waiting lists for all patients?
My hon.
Friend has great expertise, having worked for many years in the NHS as a GP, and I support the work he is doing.
As he has pointed out, our plan for change has cut waiting lists in his local trust by almost 5,000, and we are going further, including through state-of-the-art radiotherapy machines rolled out across the country.
There is one going into my hon.
Friend’s constituency, and more scanners are going to  27 other hospital trusts, including two hospitals in the constituency of the Leader of the Opposition.
This is all made possible by the decisions we have made, and I know that the Leader of the Opposition will want to stand up and welcome that.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
Perhaps the Prime Minister knows something I do not, because there is only one hospital in my constituency.
Since Labour took office, inflation has nearly doubled, growth has halved and unemployment has surged.
Is this what the Prime Minister meant when he tweeted that “The economy is improving”?
Since the general election, 500,000 more people are in work.
I know that the right hon.
Lady does not mention that—she is fixated on talking Britain down.
We are investing in the future.