My first rule is for stability: day-to-day Government spending should be paid for through tax receipts.
That is the sound economic choice.
It also the fair choice, because it is not right to expect our children and future generations to pay for the services we rely on today.
This first rule allows me, as I set out in the Budget, to allocate £190 billion more to the day-to-day running of our public services over the course of this spending review compared with the previous Government’s plans.
My second fiscal rule enables me to invest in Britain’s economic renewal while getting public debt on a downward path.
This rule allowed me to increase public investment by more than £100 billion in the autumn and a further £13 billion in the spring.
That is investment to rebuild our transport networks, our defence capability and our energy security—in short, to grow our economy.
I have made my choices: tough decisions for stability and changing Britain’s fiscal rules for investment.
Today, I am delivering that investment for the renewal of Britain.
Now, it is time for the parties opposite to make their choices.
The spending plans I am setting out today are possible only because of the decisions I took in the autumn to raise taxes and the changes to our fiscal rules, every one of which was opposed by the parties opposite.
Today, they can make an honest choice and oppose these spending plans as they opposed every penny I raised to fund them, or they can make the same choice as Liz Truss: spend more and borrow more, with no regard for the consequences.
In their clamour to cut taxes for the richest, the Conservatives crashed our economy, sent mortgage rates spiralling and put our pensions in peril.
I will never take those risks.
Yet Reform is itching to do the same thing all over again.
The hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  may be playing the friend of the workers now, but some of us are old enough to remember when he described the disastrous Liz Truss Budget as “the best Conservative Budget” since the 1980s. [
Interruption.]
Mr Speaker, after the damage is done, he still nods along.
Reform has learned nothing.
His party has been in Parliament for less than a year, yet it has already racked up £80 billion of unfunded commitments.
Reform is simply not serious.
Every day it becomes clearer that it is Labour—and only Labour—that has a credible plan for the renewal of Britain.
As I said in my spring statement, the world is changing before our eyes.
Since the spring, the challenges that we face have become even more acute.
The signs of our age of insecurity are everywhere, so we are acting on the promise in our plan for change: building renewal on the foundations of national security, border security and economic security.
As the Prime Minister said earlier this month,
“A new era in the threats that we face demands a new era for defence and security.”
That is why we took the decision to prioritise our defence spending by reducing overseas development aid.
Defence spending will now rise to 2.6% of GDP by April 2027, including the contribution of our intelligence agencies.
That uplift provides funding for my right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary, with an £11 billion increase in defence spending and a £600 million uplift for our security and intelligence agencies.
That investment will deliver not only security, but renewal in Aldermaston and Lincoln; in Portsmouth and Filton; on the Clyde and in Rosyth.
Investment in Scotland, jobs in Scotland,  and defence for the United Kingdom—opposed by the Scottish National party; delivered by this Labour Government.