We have transformed the relationship with the Welsh Government, and our two Labour Governments are delivering on the priorities of the people of Wales.
Together we have delivered a record-breaking budget settlement for the Welsh Government; NHS waiting lists have fallen for four months in a row; tens of thousands of new jobs have been secured through inward investment; and pay rises are helping people across Wales, following the record increases to the national and living wage.
Diolch yn fawr.
Welsh Labour has been in power in Cardiff Bay for 26 years.
In that time, Wales has fallen further and further behind its nearest neighbour in the Union in almost every key devolved area.
Welsh household incomes are lower than in England; Welsh employment rates are lower than in England; and Welsh life expectancy is lower than in England.
Is the Secretary of State proud of her party’s record in Wales?
Actually, the positive impact that our UK and Welsh Labour Governments are having is clear in how the Welsh economy is changing.
Employment has increased significantly in Wales, unemployment and economic inactivity have fallen, and real total wages have increased right across the UK.
The safety and maintenance of coal tips is a totemic issue in Wales, including in my constituency of Cardiff West.
The relationship between the Welsh Government and this Labour Government, and the funding for coal tips in the last Budget, signify the importance of the union between our two Governments.
Can the Secretary of State tell me why, when given the opportunity to vote on this issue in the Senedd in March, Plaid Cymru voted against coal tip funding?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
Ensuring that coal tips across Wales remain safe is of the utmost importance and, unlike the Conservative Government, we committed £25 million of funding this year for essential work to keep tips maintained and safe.
Quite why Plaid Cymru and the Conservatives voted against that additional funding in the Senedd is beyond me.
They need to explain that to our former coalmining communities.
I call the shadow Secretary of State, Mims Davies.
Does the Minister prefer peanuts, cashew nuts or simply scraps for Wales?
The fabled “two Labour Governments in lockstep” is simply a myth for voters.
Changing rail classifications and short-changing Welsh communities is a true reality.
Is the Minister concerned about today’s reported peanuts?
When did she become aware of the paltry settlement of just over £400 million that is to come to Wales?
How will that be split for the Welsh Government?
How does it compare with our Government’s £740 million for rail alone?
What specific action did she take to argue for a fair share for Wales, and for its place in the Union?
The hon.
Lady’s party, which was in government for 14 years, was in power when Wales got 1% of the rail enhancement budget, although it has 11% of the whole UK network.
Her party is responsible for the historical underfunding of Welsh rail, and we will hear from the Chancellor this afternoon about what this Government are going to do about it.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The border we share with England is porous, and that is of critical importance to our agricultural community in mid-Wales, and particularly to livestock farmers, whose supply chain reaches from one side of the border to the other.
The Secretary of State will be aware that the farming community is concerned about the outbreak of bluetongue.
The Royal Welsh Show has already had to say no to entrants from England.
Will she meet me and the livestock markets affected in my constituency to help find a solution for them?
Obviously, the Royal Welsh Show is a landmark event in the calendar in Wales every year.
I would be happy to offer the hon.
Member a meeting with the Minister responsible for farming at the Wales Office.