Will the Prime Minister join me in condemning decisions taken by the Transport Minister of the previous Government, who turned their back on promises to deliver a new train station at Beam Park, which derailed growth in my constituency of Dagenham and Rainham?
Will he also agree that the Grampian condition on the Beam Park development must be honoured, and that infrastructure must accompany all developments of scale as we get on with the job of delivering millions of new homes?
I know my hon.
Friend has been fighting hard for this project for years, and she is right that the previous Government failed to deliver.
You could say that about anything they touched, Mr Speaker.
The Rail Minister is working with the Mayor and the Housing Minister to get an appropriate solution to unlock housing in the area.
We will also bring c2c back into public ownership, improving reliability and performance, and ensuring every penny is focused on better services.
It is a disaster.
I imagine when the right hon.
Member says “disaster”, he is referring to the last Government.
I have spoken to parents of children with special educational needs and disabilities who are not getting the support they need in school, but if, as a result, their child is out of school, they are left facing prosecution, fines or even prison time.
Punishing parents for the failings of a broken system is outrageous, so will the Prime Minister end this by backing Lords amendment 349A to the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, and will he meet me to discuss this further?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this.
The epidemic of absence in our schools really does worry me.
Thanks to the efforts of schools and parents across the country, we have seen over 3 million more days in school this year compared with last, which is really important, but we do know that pupils with special educational needs face more complex barriers in relation to school attendance.
We will of course look at all amendments in the usual way, but in this instance I do think we have struck the right balance.
May I start by congratulating Sir Billy Boston?
Billy ended his career playing at Blackpool, and I know this has been a long campaign by the Culture Secretary, the Speaker, my hon.
Friend the Member for Makerfield (Josh Simons) and many in this House—congratulations to Sir Billy.
It has been exposed by Shelter that 12,000 people are waiting for council housing in Blackpool.
This is a damning indictment of the legacy of the 14 years of the previous Government.
Hundreds of families in my constituency are waiting for housing, stuck in a bed and breakfast or, like my constituent Kaci with her two children in tow, are sofa surfing.
So will the Prime Minister, alongside the Deputy Prime Minister, commit to a new generation of social housing and council housing in my constituency, and help me build a better Blackpool?
I join my hon.
Friend on his comments about Billy Boston, and I think the whole House will, Mr Speaker.
We are turning the tide on the housing crisis, with the biggest investment in social and affordable housing in a generation.
The Chancellor is investing £39 billion over the next 10 years—almost double what we saw under the last Government—and it is no wonder the National Housing Federation welcomed this as transformative, saying it offers “real hope” to the thousands who need safe, secure and affordable homes.
It is National Diabetes Week, and as someone living with type 1, as we both are, Mr Speaker, I am more than aware of the serious complications of diabetic ketoacidosis—DKA—which can prove fatal if not caught early enough.
A quarter of children are diagnosed with  type 1 diabetes when in DKA, and that could be avoided with early diagnosis.