We are taking the necessary action, so my right hon.
Friend the Justice Secretary and I have announced that we are investing £7 billion to fund 14,000 new prison places, and putting up to £700 million per year into reform of the probation system.
Today, I will do more.
I am increasing police spending power by an average 2.3% per year in real terms over the spending review period, to protect our people, our homes and our streets.
That is more than £2 billion, supporting us to meet our plan for change commitment of putting 13,000 additional police officers, police community support officers and special constables into neighbourhood policing roles across England and Wales.
I am determined that every family, as well as every place, should feel the benefits of Britain’s renewal.
Falling interest rates, supported by our commitment to economic stability, are already saving many families hundreds of pounds a month on their mortgage.
I have accepted pay review body recommendations for our armed forces, nurses, teachers and prison officers, giving public sector workers the fair pay rises that they deserve.
In autumn, I increased the national living wage—a pay rise for around 3 million hard-working people.
This Government are doing more: we are banning exploitative zero-hours contracts, strengthening statutory sick pay, and ending the use of unscrupulous fire-and-rehire practices.
Those are my choices; those are Labour choices.
I know that for many people the cost of living remains a constant challenge.
That is why we are capping the cost of school uniforms.
I can tell the House today that I am extending the £3 bus fare cap until at least March 2027.
Earlier this week, we announced that over three quarters of pensioners will receive the winter fuel payment this year.
And there is more: to get bills down, not just this winter but in winters to come, we have expanded the warm homes plan to support thousands more of the UK’s poorest households.
That includes providing £7 million to homes in Bradford, £11 million to homes in Rugby, and £30 million to homes in Blackpool.
Today I can announce that I will deliver in full our manifesto commitment to upgrading millions of homes, saving families and pensioners across the country up to £600 off their bills, each and every year.
I am determined to do everything in my power to put more money in people’s  pockets, to give people security and control in their lives, to make working people better off, and to show them that this Labour Government are on their side.
Taxpayers work hard for their money, and they expect their Government to spend their money with care.
For the first time in 18 years, this Government have run a zero-based review, and made a line-by-line assessment of what the Government spend—something that the Tories did not bother to do in 14 years.
As a result of that work, and our wider drive for efficiencies, led by my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, in this spending review I have found savings from the closure and sale of Government buildings and land, from cutting back office costs, and from reducing consultancy spend—all of which the previous Government failed to do.
Those reforms will make public services more efficient, more productive, and more focused on the user.
I have been relentless in driving out inefficiencies, and I will be relentless in cutting out waste, with every single penny reinvested in our public services.
I joined the Labour party almost 30 years ago because I knew, growing up, that the Conservative party did not care much about schools like mine, or the kids I grew up with.
I joined because I believed that every young person should have an equal chance to succeed, no matter where they come from or what their parents do.
I believe that just as strongly today as I did then.