So there will be that extra funding, but let me gently say to the right hon.
Gentleman that while he welcomes all the extra funding, he cannot at the same time simply say that he is against any way of raising the money for the funding.
There is an incompatibility there.
The Prime Minister knows that he has a fairer and better way of funding NHS investment, and I regret the fact that he did not answer my question about care, but let us move on.
The Prime Minister is right to increase defence spending, and later we will hear about the difficult choices that the Chancellor has had to make partly to fund that defence expenditure, but there are frozen Russian assets worth £25 billion in the UK right now— billions that could be used to stop Putin’s war machine and to boost Britain’s defence industry even faster.
At the G7 summit this weekend, will the Prime Minister seek an agreement to seize those frozen Russian state assets and use them to support Ukraine?
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, that is an issue that is being considered, but it is complicated and there are a great many countervailing factors that need to be carefully balanced in any decision.
We are talking to allies about it, but I do not want to pretend to the House that there is an easy answer on this, because there is not.
More jobs, cheaper bills: that was our promise on net zero.
If we cannot meet those goals, we must consider our approach.
In Pembrokeshire we have a proud industrial history rooted in oil and gas, and an  incredibly exciting opportunity in respect of floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea.
Can the Prime Minister assure me that he is committed to a just transition that protects and creates jobs?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this.
I believe this Government must seize the opportunities of net zero for working people, creating good, skilled jobs and taking them off the rollercoaster of volatile fossil-fuel markets.
Under past Governments, hard-working communities had their pride and their jobs ripped away, and we will never do that in relation to a transition.
We have already seen £40 billion of investment in energy and renewables, and the CBI data shows that 38,000 jobs in Wales are linked to clean energy.
I want to see more of that; both the Conservatives and Reform are against it.
With your indulgence, Mr Speaker, I will briefly pay tribute to the Police Service of Northern Ireland for tackling the public disorder in Northern Ireland over the last two nights, with over 30 police officers injured.
I am sure the whole House will want to join me in that, and in condemning the racist violence.
Whether it is the cardiac scandal at the Royal Victoria hospital in Belfast, the cervical smear scandal at the Southern trust, the covid bereaved families or the crash of Chinook ZD576, all of which have impacted my constituents in Lagan Valley, the common thread here is that families simply wanted the truth, but they were let down by institutions at every cut and turn.
Will this Government urgently introduce a duty of candour Bill, and ensure that it reflects what the “Hillsborough Law Now” campaigners and families have fought so very hard for?
May I start with the important point that the hon.
Lady makes about Ballymena?
I utterly condemn the violence that we saw overnight in Ballymena and other parts of Northern Ireland, including against PSNI officers.
It is absolutely vital that the PSNI is given the time it needs to investigate the incidents concerned, rather than face mindless attacks as it seeks to bring peace and order to keep people safe.
The Northern Ireland Secretary is in touch with the PSNI and the Executive, and I am being kept updated in relation to that.
In relation to the tragic cases that the hon.