Friend the Defence Secretary, with an £11 billion increase in defence spending and a £600 million uplift for our security and intelligence agencies.
That investment will deliver not only security, but renewal in Aldermaston and Lincoln; in Portsmouth and Filton; on the Clyde and in Rosyth.
Investment in Scotland, jobs in Scotland,  and defence for the United Kingdom—opposed by the Scottish National party; delivered by this Labour Government.
Investing in our armed forces, our military technology and our supply chains also brings huge opportunities: £4.5 billion of investment in munitions, made in factories from Glasgow to Glascoed, Stevenage to Radway Green; and over £6 billion to upgrade our nuclear submarine production, supporting thousands of jobs across Barrow, Derby and Sheffield.
We will make Britain a defence industrial superpower, with the jobs, the skills and the pride that come with that.
A more unstable world presents new challenges at our borders too.
Conflict has opened the way for organised criminal gangs.
The British people rightly expect us to have control of who comes into our country.
The Conservatives said that they would “take back control”.
Well, Mr Speaker, they lost control.
With one failed policy after another, there was no control and no security.
In contrast, in the Budget last year I announced £150 million to establish the new Border Security Command, and today, to support the integrity of our borders, I can announce that that funding will increase, with up to £280 million more per year by the end of the spending review period for our new Border Security Command.
Alongside that, we are tackling the asylum backlog.
The Conservative party left behind a broken system: billions of pounds of taxpayers’ money spent on housing asylum seekers in hotels, leaving people in limbo and shunting the cost of failure on to local communities.
We will not let that stand.
I can confirm today that, led by the work of my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary, we will be ending the costly use of hotels to house asylum seekers in this Parliament.
Funding that I have provided today, including from the transformation fund, will cut the asylum backlog; allow more appeal cases to be heard; and return people who have no right to be here, saving the taxpayer £1 billion per year.
That is my choice, that is Labour’s choice, that is the choice of the British people.
If we want national security in a dangerous world, that does not stop at the strength of our armed forces or at our borders.
I have long spoken about what I call “securonomics”—the basic insight that, in an age of insecurity, Government must step up to provide security for working people and resilience for our national economy.
Put simply: where things are made, and who makes them, matters.
Take energy: the Tories neglected our nuclear and renewables sectors and closed our gas storage facilities, leaving us exposed to hikes in energy prices when Russia invaded Ukraine, and it was working people who paid the price for their mistakes.
Labour understands that energy security is national security.
Because it is the right choice for bills, jobs and growth, this Government are investing in the biggest roll-out of nuclear power for half a century, with a £30 billion commitment to our nuclear-powered future.
Yesterday my right hon.
Friend the Energy Secretary and I announced £14 billion for Sizewell C, which will produce energy to power 6 million homes and support more than 10,000 jobs, including 1,500 apprenticeships, in order to build the nuclear workforce of tomorrow.
That is not all.
We are investing over £2.5 billion in a  new small modular reactor programme.
Our preferred partner is Rolls-Royce—a great British company based in Derby.
This investment is just one step towards our ambition for a full fleet of small modular reactors, and it provides a route for private sector-led advanced modular reactor projects to be deployed across the UK.