I joined the Labour party almost 30 years ago because I knew, growing up, that the Conservative party did not care much about schools like mine, or the kids I grew up with.
I joined because I believed that every young person should have an equal chance to succeed, no matter where they come from or what their parents do.
I believe that just as strongly today as I did then.
That is why, at the Budget last autumn, I ended the tax loophole that exempted private schools from VAT and business rates.
I put that money where it belongs: into helping the 93% of children in our state schools.
The Conservatives opposed money for their local state schools, but I will always prioritise those schools.
That was my choice; that is the Labour choice.
Because of decisions that we made in this spending review, last week, this Government, working with my right hon.
Friend the Education Secretary, announced that free school meals will be extended to over half a million more children.
That policy alone will lift 100,000 children out of poverty—children in schools from Tower Hamlets to Sunderland, and from Swansea to Bridgend.
Last year, at the Labour party conference, I was proud to announce the first steps in our plan to deliver breakfast clubs for every child, with an initial roll-out to the first 750 schools.
We will continue with that national roll-out as part of our manifesto commitment, so that no child goes hungry, and every child can have the best chance of thriving and succeeding.
I know that a good start in life does not start at school, so I can also announce £370 million for school-based nurseries, to put us firmly on track to meet our plan for change commitment to a record number of children being school-ready.
On children’s social care, to break the dangerous cycle of late intervention and low-quality care, I am providing £555 million of transformation funding over the spending review period, so that children do not needlessly go into care when they could stay at home, and so that, where state intervention is necessary, there is better care, and there are better outcomes.
Last week, I was pleased to announce, with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, that more than £130 million from the dormant assets scheme, run with the financial services sector, will be allocated to funding facilities for our young people, to give every child the chance to take part in music, sport and drama, and to fund libraries in our schools,  so that the confidence and opportunities that those resources open up are no longer the preserve of the privileged few.
Those are my choices, those are Labour choices, and those are the choices of the British people.
Overall, I am providing a cash uplift of over £4.5 billion a year in additional funding for the core schools budget by the end of the spending review, backing our teachers and our kids.
People who went to ordinary comprehensives in the ’80s and ’90s are all too familiar with the experience of being taught in temporary classrooms.
The previous Conservative Government oversaw another generation of kids being herded into cold and damp buildings as school roofs literally crumbled.
It was not acceptable when I was at school, and it is not acceptable now.
I am therefore providing investment, rising to nearly £2.3 billion per year, to fix our crumbling classrooms, in addition to £2.4 billion per year to continue our programme to rebuild 500 schools, including Chace community school in Enfield, Woodkirk academy in Leeds and Budmouth academy in Weymouth.
Investing in our young people, investing in Britain’s future and investing in opportunity for all: that is Labour’s choice.
Finally, let me turn—[Hon.
Members: “More!”]
I knew they would cheer.
Let me turn to our national health service.