We announced that the Government will introduce a Bill by the end of the year to ratify the high seas treaty, delivering on our commitment to protect 30% of the ocean by 2030.
This agreement will provide the first legal mechanism to create protected areas in international waters.
The UK reiterated our commitment to agreeing an ambitious plastic pollution treaty in Geneva this coming August, and we have outlined our plans to ban bottom trawling across more of our English seas in marine protected areas.
These measures will protect sensitive seabed habitats and important species from the destruction caused by this damaging practice.
The Beddington energy recovery facility has an outstanding request to increase its annual permit tonnage to 382,000 tonnes from the originally approved 300,000 tonnes when planning was approved.
I know the Secretary of State is familiar with this, as the facility is a mere 100 metres from his constituency.
May I ask him whether the Environment Agency will listen to local residents, including his own, and to councils across Sutton, Merton, Croydon and Kingston and refuse the permit expansion, as sufficient incinerator capacity already exists in London?
As the hon.
Member says, I do know of this situation because the facility is adjacent to my constituency as well.
He will know that I cannot comment on what the Environment Agency is intending to do, because it is its decision.
None the less, I certainly agree with him that the EA must listen to constituents and people living in the local area who will be affected by this decision.
Whether it is cheap vapes littering our parks and town centres, or fly-tipping blocking country lanes in Norton Canes, my constituents are rightly fed up with waste crime.
My local council has had to deal with 1,500 instances of fly-tipping in the past three years, and it is all too often paid for by taxpayers, not criminals.
Will the Minister tell us what the Government are doing to get tough on waste crime?
We have announced plans to tighten up the regulation of those who transport and manage waste, moving them from a light-touch regime into a permitted system, which gives the Environment Agency a greater range of powers.
It will also introduce the possibility of up to five years in prison for those who breach the new laws.
I call the shadow Minister.
It is a pleasure to cover for the shadow Secretary of State, who is speaking to farmers at the 140th Lincolnshire Agricultural Show.
Having visited many such shows myself, including North Sheep 2025 and Cereals 2025 just last week, may I say how disappointed I am by the Secretary of State’s lack of attendance at these crucial farming events?
At a time when our farmers are going through some of the most extraordinary pressures in a generation, we have now learned that this Government have chosen to slash the farming budget.
To make matters worse, Ministers have spent the past week trying to sell cuts of more than £100 million a year in real terms as a historic deal for farmers.
If the Secretary of State has secured such a historic deal for his Department, where does DEFRA rank compared with others in terms of cuts in the spending review?
First, I remind the hon.
Gentleman that I attended the Royal Cornwall Show with him just a few days ago.
I am surprised he has forgotten that, because we sat together in the same tent and enjoyed a very pleasant lunch.
I do not know what is wrong with his memory, but anyway.
The funding for ELM schemes paid to farmers will increase from £800 million in the last year of the Tory Government to £2 billion by 2028-29—that is a 150% increase under Labour compared with what the Tories were paying.
No wonder the hon.
Gentleman is so angry.