Friend will be aware that we inherited record levels of sewage pollution in our waterways from the previous Government.
Since the election, we have launched the biggest crackdown on water pollution in history: unfair bonuses have been banned for water company executives, and water bosses who cover up pollution crimes now face up to two years in prison.
We will also invest a record £104 billion of private funding to upgrade crumbling sewage pipes and reduce discharges by nearly 50% within five years.
I remain extremely grateful for the £100 million of support the Government have given to the River Wye action plan—a pioneering joint effort between the UK and Welsh Governments—but we must do more, including using sustainable farming initiatives to support farmers to look at their stocking rates.
I am concerned by reports of Thames Water seeking regulatory easements.
Can the Secretary of State assure me that this Government will continue to crack down on water pollution from all sources, in the Wye, the Thames and all across the UK?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question, and I understand her concerns.
I reassure her that the Government will always act in the national interest on  these issues.
Thames Water must meet its statutory and regulatory obligations to its customers and to the environment—it is only right that the company is subject to the same consequences as any other water company.
The company remains financially stable, but we have stepped up our preparations and stand ready for all eventualities, as I have said before, including a special administration regime, if that were to become necessary.
As the Secretary of State knows, my constituency of North Herefordshire is very seriously affected by water pollution in the Lugg and the Wye.
I confess that I am disappointed that, in both his answers to  the hon.
Member for Monmouthshire (Catherine Fookes) , he did not mention agricultural pollution at all.
That is despite the fact that agriculture is the main source of water pollution in the country, as is shown in the report of the Independent Water Commission, which unfortunately was not allowed to look into it in any detail.
I pay tribute to River Action, which this week won a court case forcing planning authorities to consider the cumulative impact of industrial agricultural development, and to Greenpeace, which last week pointed out the impact of toxic sewage sludge.
Will he confirm whether he is updating the farming rules for water?
Given that he has cut the budget of the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs—
Order.
I am sorry, but we are over time as it is.
The hon.
Member will be aware that we are supporting work in the Wye catchment area to deal with those problems, but she is quite right in what she says.
The environmental land management schemes support farmers to reduce agricultural run-off.
We are making the announcement that she just mentioned today, and we are also supporting the ELM schemes, which help farmers to improve their soil quality so that the soil holds more water, and to use less fertiliser and pesticides, which reduces the amount of run-off.
Therefore, we are taking action on agricultural pollution, and the announcement that she asked for is being made today.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Last week, the Minister for Water and Flooding and I attended the United Nations ocean conference in Nice.
We announced that the Government will introduce a Bill by the end of the year to ratify the high seas treaty, delivering on our commitment to protect 30% of the ocean by 2030.
This agreement will provide the first legal mechanism to create protected areas in international waters.
The UK reiterated our commitment to agreeing an ambitious plastic pollution treaty in Geneva this coming August, and we have outlined our plans to ban bottom trawling across more of our English seas in marine protected areas.