We have made a sensible decision for England, and the approach we have taken has managed to control the spread.
The decision in Wales is obviously a matter for the Welsh Government, and I am sure that he would understand that I respect that decision.
We are talking about how we can resolve the difficult issues that he has raised.
I am deeply distressed that the Government are planning to extend the badger cull, because the evidence shows that with good testing and biosecurity, we can bring down rates of tuberculosis.
I heard what the representative from Gatcombe farm said when they visited Parliament just a couple of weeks ago.
Will the Minister look at the evidence?
Before moving forward with a badger cull, will he look at biosecurity measures that could ensure that we really get on top of bovine TB?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that we are not extending the badger cull.
We have a clear commitment to ending the badger cull in this Parliament, and I will visit Gatcombe with others in the weeks ahead.
We are taking an evidence-based approach.
We also have to make sure that we help farmers tackle a distressing and difficult disease.
I call the shadow Minister.
This month, the National Audit Office’s “Resilience to animal diseases” report laid bare the startling reality about our biosecurity, stating:
“Defra and APHA would struggle to manage a more severe outbreak or concurrent serious outbreaks”,
and the risk of site failure at the APHA site at Weybridge is at its maximum rating.
As I have raised 16 times in this Parliament, a fully funded and urgent rebuild of APHA in Weybridge is critical.
It got no mention at all by the Chancellor in the spending review; it merely has repeated partial funding from the Department.
When will the Government wake up, get a grip, and press on with this vital project as soon as possible, before disaster strikes?
The hon.
Gentleman knows that I take this issue very seriously.
I gently point out to him that this exact situation was pointed out by the National Audit Office during the last Parliament.
The previous Government had 14 years to get the principles in place, so I will not take any lessons from the Conservatives.
I can tell him that we have a £208 million investment this year; that is what was asked for.
I can assure him that there will be funds in future, because we take biosecurity very seriously.
What steps he is taking to help restore chalk streams.
Chalk streams are not only a beautiful and iconic part of our precious natural landscape; they are symbols of our national heritage.
The protection and restoration of our cherished chalk streams is a core ambition in our overall programme of reform to the water sector.
I am grateful to the Minister for her response.
In Hampshire, we are blessed with several rare and irreplaceable chalk streams, including the River Loddon, the River Itchen and the River Test.
The Minister will be aware of the campaigns to secure greater protection for these irreplaceable habitats, including during the passage of the Planning and Infrastructure Bill, and I pay tribute to the Hampshire & Isle of Wight Wildlife Trust, Greener Basingstoke, and Natural Basingstoke for all their work.
Can the Minister confirm that this Government are committed to the protection of chalk streams, and set out what further steps they will take to restore these precious habitats?
My hon.
Friend is quite right: chalk streams are a source of beauty and national pride.
Just a few weeks ago, I had the privilege of visiting a chalk stream restoration project with Charles Rangeley-Wilson, who is a passionate campaigner for chalk streams.
Under this Labour Government, water companies will spend more than £2 billion to deliver over 1,000 actions for chalk stream restoration, and will reduce their abstraction from chalk streams by 126 million litres per day.