and hon.
Members the opportunity to practise yoga this afternoon.
Those Members who are not in the Chamber or Westminster Hall can come along to Committee Room 10.
I guarantee to provide a place for every single Member who comes along, so that we can practise yoga, which is India’s gift to the world and is helpful when it comes to having a healthy and a long life.
Can I book Jim Shannon in? [
Laughter.]
The hon.
Member mentioned the debate this afternoon.
It is disappointing that there was no Minister available, which is why it was better to withdraw it on the Member’s behalf.
First, may I say namaste to the hon.
Gentleman?
I am a regular attender at Iyengar yoga in Manchester.
Were I not wearing high heels, I might show him my tree pose, but I will save that for another day, or perhaps at the session later on.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for announcing the forthcoming business—it sounds like there will be a number of debates on topics that regularly get raised with me during these sessions.
I am really sorry, Mr Speaker, about the unavailability of Ministers for the debate that was due to take place in Westminster Hall today.
As I understand it, given that the Backbench Business debate in this Chamber is a health debate, that is occupying one Minister, and another Minister is involved in a Public Bill Committee, which has limited the availability of Ministers.
However, we will ensure that that debate is rearranged.
I offer my full apology to the House for the Ministers’ unavailability.
With the lighter nights comes fear for some as antisocial behaviour upticks, causing real misery in  some communities.
I recently joined the Killingworth neighbourhood police team on a walkabout to hear directly from them how they are working with North Tyneside council to tackle this issue and support local people.
Can we have a debate on how this Government will give Northumbria police and other agencies the powers they need to support our communities?
Antisocial behaviour is a blight on all of our communities.
We are taking big steps to strengthen police powers in that area and introduce respect orders, and the Crime and Policing Bill, which had its Third Reading last night, contains many measures that I hope will support my hon.
Friend’s police.
rose—
Order.
Just to help the House, I aim to run this session for around an hour, so I am sure we can help each other by rushing through.
Let us have a good example of that from Neil O’Brien.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Although they did not mention it before the election, Labour is committed to abolishing every district and borough council in Leicestershire.
It has also invited proposals to expand the city’s boundaries, and the Mayor of Leicester has put forward such a proposal.
This is universally not wanted in Oadby, Wigston, Great Glen and the surrounding villages—in fact, thousands of people have signed a petition against it—so can we please at least have a debate in Government time on that proposal?
Will the Leader of the House encourage the Local Government Minister not to allow this expansion of the city?
It is not just the higher council tax; people want to keep their local identity.
If the Government are going to go ahead with the proposal, will they at least allow people to vote in a referendum?
I know this issue is of great concern to many Members across the House and people have strongly held views on it.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that we set out a number of proposals in the White Paper.
Those issues are being considered, and measures will be brought forward in an English devolution Bill shortly.
Members will have ample time to consider them, but the proposals should be coming from local leaders—that is what devolution is about—not imposed by Government.