Gentleman is right that we set out a number of proposals in the White Paper.
Those issues are being considered, and measures will be brought forward in an English devolution Bill shortly.
Members will have ample time to consider them, but the proposals should be coming from local leaders—that is what devolution is about—not imposed by Government.
Just this week, we have seen further media reports of dangerous and unregulated cosmetic procedures ending in tragedy.
In July 2021, the beauty and wellbeing all-party parliamentary group, which I chair, presented a report to the Government recommending an evidence-based policy framework to prevent such incidents occurring.
Will the Leader of the House encourage colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care to do what the previous Government failed to do, and act now to take control of these dangerous practices?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her campaigning on this issue.
When she takes up campaigns, she normally gets results.
I am sure that she will get results on this issue, too, because we need to regulate these practices.
We need to make sure that people are properly trained and accountable and that people can hold them to account when things go wrong.
We are responding shortly to the consultation, and I will ensure the House is updated.
Elusive Brewing, a fantastic independent brewery in my constituency of Wokingham, brews Oregon Trail, which won best IPA at the Champion Beer of Britain awards.
Can we have a debate in Government time on the steps that Ministers are taking to support the people of Wokingham in enjoying great local products, such as those from Elusive Brewing and Siren Craft Brew, in their local pubs?
Perhaps the Leader of the House, and you, Mr Speaker, would like to join me for a pint from one of those excellent breweries.
I am always open to an invitation to have a pint, although I am perhaps less open to invitations to do a run.
British beer, and our brewing industry, is one of the great prides of this country, and the Government have been taking steps to support our great brewing industry and cask ales and the like.
I look forward to perhaps sampling the beer from the hon.
Member’s constituency soon.
I do not know whether he has already done so, but the bar here in Parliament offers the opportunity for local brewers like his to share their wares with Members.
First, can I welcome the huge investment that the Government are putting into social and affordable housing?
As I have already raised in this House, residents in my constituency, particularly in the towns of Hexham and Haltwhistle, have seen a rise in the number of derelict buildings, such as the former workhouse on Corbridge Road and cottages near Hexham train station.
Despite landlords purchasing those properties and substantial demand for affordable homes in the area, those buildings are often left to deteriorate.
Can we have a further debate in Government time to discuss solutions for inactive landlords actively defacing beautiful towns such as Hexham and Haltwhistle due to lack of development?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue again.
He does it week in, week out, and it is obviously an important issue for his constituency.
The Government are looking at how we can strengthen community right to buy in these circumstances, because we want to make sure that town centres and villages, such as those in his constituency, can flourish into the future.
A constituent of mine, Yvonne, has led a brilliant community blister pack recycling initiative in Tattenhall.
Through her efforts, the project has picked up pace and is now expanding to other villages including Tarporley, Farndon and Malpas.
Hopefully it will get to Chester in the near future.
Blister packs made of plastic and aluminium contain valuable materials but are not routinely recycled.
The project highlights what local action can achieve and where national systems fall short.