The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to help prevent animal disease outbreaks.
Good morning.
Can I start by acknowledging the expertise that the hon.
Gentleman brings to the House?
We are investing in the Animal and Plant Health Agency, and have committed more than £200 million to the next stage of rebuilding our biosecurity facilities at Weybridge to enhance our ability to understand, detect, prevent, respond to and recover from outbreaks.
That is in addition to supporting farmers through the animal health and welfare pathway, which includes veterinary visits to improve livestock health, welfare, biosecurity and productivity.
I thank the Minister for his comments.
The recent National Audit Office report was hugely concerning, and it was clear that the UK is at high risk of, and unprepared for, a major animal disease outbreak.
Post-Brexit checks mean that only 5% of animals are physically checked as they come into the UK.
We know that a lot of illegal meat is coming in through the ports, and our farm animal veterinary workforce is overstretched.
Also, climate change and antimicrobial resistance are putting us at a higher risk of disease outbreaks.
If a disease such as foot and mouth hits again, it will devastate British agriculture and rural communities, and have an impact on our food security.
Can the Minister assure us that the Government are treating the issues that the report raises as a strategic national threat, and that its warnings will not be ignored until it is too late?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
We take this matter extremely seriously.
Sadly, it is not a new problem.
We have had similar reports in the past, and I can assure him that we are giving careful consideration to this report.
We will develop a plan to address it.
He will be aware that there are a range of threats, and it is important that we balance our work.
We have taken strong measures to restrict personal imports, given the threats on the continent.
As the House will know, sadly the epicentre of the UK bluetongue outbreak was in my South Norfolk constituency, so biosecurity is a huge issue for my farmers.
Will we look to lower our biosecurity risks by returning to checking products at the Bastion Point inland border security centre at the White Cliffs business park, which is closer to the border point, instead of products having to travel nearly 17 miles before they are checked?
I thank my hon.
Friend and relatively near neighbour.
He is right to raise the bluetongue issues, which have been dealt with effectively by our officials.
His points about border controls and checks are under close consideration, partly as a consequence of our new arrangements with the European Union.
Many Welsh farmers in mid-Wales depend on being able to move their livestock back and forth over the border with England.
Indeed, 550 farms straddle the border.
The imposition of a veterinary hard border between England and Wales will be damaging for the farming community in my constituency and the local economy that they support.
Farmers simply cannot afford to pay £70 a beast for testing, and apparently there is not even enough testing capacity for all the livestock that cross the border anyway.
What steps is the Minister taking to address the situation, and to prevent Welsh farmers from losing out?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to ask that question.
As I just referenced, the bluetongue issue has been serious and difficult.
We have made a sensible decision for England, and the approach we have taken has managed to control the spread.
The decision in Wales is obviously a matter for the Welsh Government, and I am sure that he would understand that I respect that decision.
We are talking about how we can resolve the difficult issues that he has raised.