Through the CPS pilot scheme to offer victims a review prior to a decision to offer no evidence, victims will be empowered to challenge more decisions.
That is likely to lead to better decision making, more victims staying in the system and, ultimately, more offenders being put behind bars.
Earlier this week, I was unsuccessful in trying to amend the Government’s proposed new spiking law to ensure that reckless spiking is an offence.
Will the Solicitor General meet me to discuss the challenges of prosecuting violent crime towards women and girls if the Government are unpersuaded to ensure that reckless spiking becomes illegal?
I am more than happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss that issue.
He will be pleased to know—indeed, he may well already know—that we introduced a new offence for spiking and that we have included new spiking training for up to 10,000 staff in the night-time economy to ensure they have the skills to support victims and prevent such incidents.
Will the Solicitor General outline what support there is for the families of domestic abuse victims—specifically children who have witnessed and been traumatised by that abuse and who need support, which would also enable their parents to feel more confident in continuing their legal cases?
The hon.
Member raises a very important issue.
It is incredibly important that victims of abuse of any kind, and especially children, are supported through the criminal justice system, both by police and then by the CPS.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of offenders charged with hostile state activity.
This Government will always make the country’s national security our No.
1 priority.
That is why we take any attempted activity conducted by hostile states on British soil extremely seriously.
The CPS’s special counter-terrorism division works closely with police at the investigation stage to build very strong cases from the outset.
That approach delivers results: last year, 98% of those tried for terrorism-related offences in this country were convicted.
Many of my constituents are concerned about state-backed terror, given the recent arrests in and around my constituency.
Will the Solicitor General update the House on the implementation of Jonathan Hall’s report on state-backed terrorism and how that may help us to improve conviction rates?
My hon.
Friend rightly mentions Jonathan Hall KC’s recommendations.
As the Home Secretary announced, we are committed to taking forward the suite of recommendations made in Jonathan Hall’s review to tackle state threats, including the creation of a new proscription-like power.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I recently met Hong Kong pro-democracy activist Chloe Cheung, who reported being followed by men here in London after a large bounty was placed on her head by the Chinese  Government.
Despite providing copious evidence to the police, she received no follow-up at all.
The lawyers of detained activist Jimmy Lai are also being harassed, while the plans for the new Chinese super-embassy, if built, could seriously increase China’s capacity for surveillance, intimidation and transnational repression against Hong Kong activists here in London.
Will the Solicitor General please commit to looking into this issue urgently so that we can all have confidence in the UK’s ability to prosecute hostile state actors and protect those who live on UK soil?
The hon.
Member raises an important issue, and I will make sure that Home Office colleagues have heard the concerns he raises.
Ministers have raised concerns of that nature with the authorities, including in Hong Kong and Beijing, and I want to be very clear: we will not tolerate any attempts by foreign Governments to harass or harm their critics on British soil.
Whether the Attorney General has provided the Government with legal advice on immigration matters.
The hon.
Member will be aware that the Law Officers’ convention prevents me from disclosing whether advice has been sought from the Law Officers, whether advice has been given and, indeed, the content of any advice.