A Liberal Democrat freedom of information request found that Ofwat has failed to force water companies to pay any fines for sewage discharge cases since 2021, despite sewage being pumped into waterways for over 3.6 million hours last year alone.
Meanwhile, water company bosses earned a collective total of £20 million in the 2023-24 financial year.
The water restoration fund provided valuable funds to local communities to improve water quality and river health.
When will the Government stand up to the water companies, make them pay for the damage they are inflicting on our environment, and ringfence this money for communities, so that they can protect and improve their waterways?
I thank the hon.
Lady, but with respect, the response was in my original answer.
As I confirmed, the water restoration fund is continuing as planned.
Successful projects have been notified, and money has been announced and given.
As I have stated, all the money collected from water fines will be diverted into nature projects to help clean up our rivers, lakes and seas across the country—and yes, that money will be ringfenced.
The interim Cunliffe report on the water sector has highlighted weak, disjointed and reactive regulation by various regulators.
If the commission’s final findings confirm the assessment of the regulators, can the Minister confirm that she will act swiftly and decisively to reform regulation of our water companies?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the important work that the commission has been doing.
I do not want to get ahead of any announcements the commission may make—it is not long to wait now, Mr Speaker; it is only a few weeks—but clearly regulation has not been working, so action is needed.
What steps he is taking to tackle fly-tipping.
Fly-tipping sky-rocketed under the Conservative Government.
This Labour Government will crack down on the waste cowboys in order to clean up Britain’s streets.
We will support councils in seizing and crush their vehicles.
We will use drones and CCTV to hunt down the fly-tippers, forcing them to clean up their mess, and we will bring in new prison sentences for those transporting waste illegally.
I am delighted to tell the House that we are beginning the clean-up of the disgraceful fly-tipping in Hoads Wood site of special scientific interest, which happened under the previous Government.
That work is ongoing.
I thank the Minister for her very strong answer.
Recently, I have been made aware of a recurring incident of fly-tipping in Bedwell, in the heart of my constituency.
The council is working very hard to clear up the mess and find those responsible, but the situation is being made worse by people picking up that rubbish and taking it to the nearby woods.
Will the Minister offer extra support to councils like mine, so that together we can clean up our communities and crack down on criminals who think that they can dump their waste with impunity, wrecking the lives of constituent like mine, and making their lives a living hell?
I have the greatest sympathy for my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
I encourage Stevenage borough council to work with our National Fly-tipping Prevention Group, which shares best practice on tackling fly-tipping.
We are also taking direct action on some of the littered items, because once there is litter, people think that they can fly-tip, and then they think that they can dump.
That is why we have banned the sale of single-use vapes from  1 June , and I stand ready to work with his council.
When it comes to cracking down on litter and fly-tipping, I would welcome anything the Government do.
However, during proceedings on the Crime and Policing Bill, which passed through this place this week, Government Members had ample opportunity to accept various new clauses and amendments that would ensure stricter tackling of littering and fly-tipping, but failed to do so.