The funding for ELM schemes paid to farmers will increase from £800 million in the last year of the Tory Government to £2 billion by 2028-29—that is a 150% increase under Labour compared with what the Tories were paying.
No wonder the hon.
Gentleman is so angry.
It is a shame that the Secretary of State did not do any media at the Royal Cornwall Show and pulled out of speaking events.
I can tell him that DEFRA is ranked the third biggest loser of any Government Department in the spending review, and that is his failure.
In reality, we are now looking at cuts to the farming budget of about 20% in real terms over the next three years, at a time when farmers need more support and certainty than ever.
It gets worse: we now hear that the Government have issued further statutory guidance on farming rules for water, with more to follow, effectively aiming to ban—
Order.
I have to try to get the other shadow Minister in.
You went too low down the Order Paper—this is topical questions, not a full statement.
I hope you are about to finish.
This is effectively going to ban the spraying of organic manures in the coming months.
Is the Secretary of State categorically ruling that out?
I am happy to send the shadow Minister the list of media coverage I got from the Royal Cornwall Show.
He does not seem to be any better at googling than remembering who he sat down with at lunch.
I am delighted that the spending review was welcomed by the environmental NGOs and the National Farmers Union as it funds activities that include the ones he referred to.
It seems that everyone is delighted with the review apart from him.
Residents of Thornton-Cleveleys in my constituency are being warned not to eat food grown in their own gardens because a local site is being investigated after testing found high concentrations around it of a banned substance called perfluorooctanoic acid, which has proven to be carcinogenic, and there have been discharges into the protected River Wyre.
This is affecting hundreds of residents in the area, and there are fears of contamination to water and locally grown food.
What steps will the Minister take to address this problem under the current regulations to ensure that constituents like mine are protected?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue.
The Government are, of course, strongly committed to ensuring a high level of protection for human health and the environment.
I am aware that the Environment Agency is investigating this matter, so I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss it in detail.
I call the shadow Minister.
The National Audit Office report says that the Government really need to step up their border checks.
As the Government have admitted in answers to me, 72,872 kg of illegal  meat imports were seized between January and April this year, close to the 92,000 kg seized in the whole of 2024.
With foot and mouth disease and African swine fever on our doorstep in Europe, I shudder to think how much potentially infected meat is slipping in undetected.
This is a catastrophe waiting to happen.
Will the Government act urgently to strengthen our biosecurity and our border checks before it is too late?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we have acted with speed and haste to make sure that we are protected.
We have banned personal imports, and we are absolutely committed to giving the Weybridge facility the support that it requires—we have given it what it asked for.
The question is why we were in that position in the first place when we came into Government.
What were his Government doing for all those years?
These are not new problems.
United Auctions in my constituency has recently become the UK’s first employee-owned livestock auctioneer.