She is right to say that the restricted zone has been put in place, which is causing challenges for breeding, as she outlines.
I understand that Ministers are in constant contact with their counterparts on this issue, and it was raised yesterday in Prime Minister’s questions.
I know it is an issue of importance to the House, and I will ensure that the House is constantly updated.
The UN ocean conference in Leeds last week marked a turning point, with countries coming together to accelerate action to protect and restore our seas, including the UK’s welcome commitment to end destructive bottom trawling in some of our most biodiverse waters.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in celebrating that progress and support those international efforts by providing parliamentary time to ratify the high seas treaty?
May I take this opportunity to thank my hon.
Friend for all her leadership on this issue, and for bringing representatives of both Houses together last week to watch the very moving documentary with David Attenborough?
That has had a profound impact on many Members across this House.
She is absolutely right that we have to take action to ratify the treaty, and we are committed to bringing forward legislation before the end of the year—I hope it will be sooner.
I am really pleased that the British Government have taken steps to ban bottom trawling in our protected marine waters.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
I thank the Leader of the House for announcing the business for next week, including the estimates day debates.
I hope she will use her good offices to ensure that there are no Government statements on that day and that you, Mr Speaker, will have a very high bar for urgent questions.
Let us see.
We have three debates on each day, and I hope that we will be able to get a good debate on each of those subjects.
On  Thursday 3 July , there will be  a debate on a motion on financial redress for 1950s women impacted by the Department for Work and Pensions’ maladministration of the state pension, followed by a debate on mobile phone theft, a subject that is raised frequently in this Chamber.
On  Thursday 10 July , there will be a debate on children’s health, and we are awaiting acceptance of the other debate.
I understand that the sponsor of the debate on Down syndrome that was due to take place this afternoon in Westminster Hall has withdrawn that application because no Minister was available to answer it, so there will be no debate.
I hope that you, Mr Speaker, will use your good offices to make sure that that debate takes place, for the benefit of the sponsor and, indeed, the subject.
Next week in Westminster Hall, there will be a debate on Tuesday on the right to maintain contact in care settings.
On Thursday, there will be a debate on the role of the RAF photographic reconnaissance unit during the second world war, followed by a debate on the BBC World Service.
On  Thursday 3 July , there will be a debate on the future of music education, followed by a debate on safeguarding children with allergies at school.
The following week, on  8 July , there will be a debate on alcohol and cancer—which is a very topical subject during that week—and on Thursday, there will be a debate on state support for victims of terrorism, followed by a debate on London’s contribution to the national economy.
Not only is Saturday the longest day, but it is also International Yoga Day, and we are giving right hon.
and hon.
Members the opportunity to practise yoga this afternoon.
Those Members who are not in the Chamber or Westminster Hall can come along to Committee Room 10.