Friend is right about the Duke of Edinburgh’s award scheme, which my daughter will be taking part in this summer.
We support the award, which aims to reach a quarter of a million more young people by next year.
The rivers and coastline in my constituency are treasured by local families and children, including my own, whether they are kayaking and paddleboarding on the Cuckmere and Ouse rivers or swimming off the beaches of Seaford bay, yet they are regularly blighted by sewage discharges courtesy of Southern Water.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss our local campaign to secure bathing water status for the Cuckmere river and blue flag status for Seaford beach to reassure local families and visitors alike that we are taking water quality seriously, so that they can be confident that they can use these outdoor spaces safely?
I would be delighted to offer up the Water Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice (Emma Hardy) , to meet the hon.
Gentleman on that issue.
I would just say that the King Charles III coastal path will open up a quarter of a million hectares of open access land on the coast—I know that Lewes is very close to some of that spectacular scenery.
What steps he is taking to encourage public bodies to prioritise the purchase of British produce.
We have a strong ambition that half of all food purchased across the public sector should be locally produced or certified to higher environmental standards.
The new national procurement policy statement requires Government contracts to favour products that are certified to higher environmental standards, which we believe British producers, operating to higher standards, will be well placed to supply.
Both beef and crop farmers in my constituency tell me how important it is to produce high-quality food and contribute to UK food security.
Can the Minister outline what conversations he has had with public bodies to encourage them to prioritise purchasing local British produce, and to maximise the social value of UK food production?
I thank my hon.
Friend and relatively near neighbour for her question.
We are in constant dialogue to achieve exactly that objective.
She will have noticed last week’s announcement on the extension of free school meals to everyone on universal credit, which is a key plank of our food strategy.
It is exactly those kinds of initiatives that we think will benefit British producers.
Many GB-based horticultural companies, as well as other companies, want to supply British produce into Northern Ireland, but have difficulty with the bureaucracy and paperwork required by the procedures implemented some years ago.
Will the Minister operate in concert with his colleagues in Cabinet and Government to eliminate the bureaucratic problems that are preventing those companies from supplying UK citizens in Northern Ireland?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
It is exactly why we wanted to improve our relationship with the European Union.
We have negotiated and are undertaking further negotiations to improve those systems to very much help people to achieve that.
We genuinely believe there are real opportunities here if we can eliminate some of the unnecessary bureaucracy.
What steps he is taking to tackle river pollution.
My hon.
Friend will be aware that we inherited record levels of sewage pollution in our waterways from the previous Government.
Since the election, we have launched the biggest crackdown on water pollution in history: unfair bonuses have been banned for water company executives, and water bosses who cover up pollution crimes now face up to two years in prison.
We will also invest a record £104 billion of private funding to upgrade crumbling sewage pipes and reduce discharges by nearly 50% within five years.