There will be debates on estimates relating to the Department for Education; the Department of Health and Social Care; and the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government.
Wednesday 25 June —Estimates day (3rd allotted day).
There will be debates on estimates relating to the Ministry of Justice, in so far as it relates to criminal justice; the Ministry of Defence, in so far as it relates to the remit of the national armaments director; and the Department for Transport.
At 7 pm the House will be asked to agree all outstanding estimates.
Thursday 26 June —Proceedings on the Supply and Appropriation (Main Estimates) (No.
2) Bill, followed by a general debate on Armed Forces Day.
Friday 27 June —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  30 June  will include:
Monday 30 June —Second Reading of the Deprivation of Citizenship Orders (Effect During Appeal) Bill.
Tuesday 1 July —Second Reading of the Universal Credit and Personal Independence Payment Bill.
Wednesday 2 July —Consideration of Lords message to the Armed Forces Commissioner Bill, followed by motion to approve the draft Armed Forces Act 2006 (Continuation) Order 2025.
Thursday 3 July —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 4 July —Private Members’ Bills.
I would like to start by congratulating the right hon.
Lady.
This is the third time I have had the pleasure of responding to her at business questions, and they have proved to be remarkably fruitful encounters.
At our first encounter, I asked her to press the Chancellor to U-turn on winter fuel payments.
The Leader of the House is clearly very influential, because the U-turn on that shameful attack on pensioners came just a few weeks later.
At our second encounter, I asked the right hon.
Lady to get the Government to U-turn on a national inquiry for the victims of the rape gangs, and this week the Prime Minister finally did the right thing and delivered a U-turn on that as well.
The Prime Minister may be getting dizzy from all his U-turning, but I congratulate the right hon.
Lady on listening to the Opposition, using her influence and securing those U-turns.
Let me turn to one of the most important tasks of any Government: getting people into and keeping them in work.
On the Conservative Benches, we know that economic growth comes from the success of businesses  and risk-taking entrepreneurs.
The Labour party has never understood that, and we are now seeing it have disastrous consequences for our country.
Unemployment reached record lows under the Conservative Government.
Labour Governments are always incredibly successful at driving unemployment higher.
This Government seem determined to be the best ever at putting more and more people out of work.
Last week, we saw the devastating impact of the Chancellor’s reckless national insurance tax raid, which businesses warned her would cost jobs.
They were right: the UK unemployment rate is now at its highest level since the pandemic.
Job vacancies have collapsed.
Last month, there were 109,000 fewer employees on payroll.
These are the direct results of a Chancellor and a Government who do not understand business.
It is about to get a whole lot worse.
Businesses are clear that the Employment Rights Bill will cost more jobs.
The UK’s leading business groups have collectively told the Government that the Bill will damage economic growth and jobs.
The Government are giving people rights in jobs that they simply will not have.
The truth is that this Government are beholden to their union paymasters and cannot listen to businesses.
They are a Government who have taken a time machine back to the employment nightmare of the 1970s, when union barons gave Labour Ministers their marching orders.
While the Government and the unions try to refight the battles of the 1970s, the world of work is changing at a rapid rate because of artificial intelligence.