If she will take steps to reduce the number of prosecutions brought for non-violent drug-related offences.
In its recent report, the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs highlighted the Government’s safer streets mission as a key vehicle to address the connection between drug use and criminality.
The Government’s flagship Crime and Policing Bill will expand police powers to conduct more drug tests on more suspects upon arrest, which will help to direct more drug users into treatment and away from illegal drug use.
As drug-related deaths are now at record levels, particularly because of the increase in synthetic opioids, I believe that we need to look again at supervised drug-consumption facilities, which are an evidence-based intervention that could save lives and public spending.
Both the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs and the Health and Social Care Committee support the idea.
Will the Solicitor General consider facilitating a legal mechanism here, as in Scotland under the  Lord Advocate, to enable local health and police authorities that wish to pilot such facilities to establish their efficacy to do so?
It is absolutely right that we ensure that those who fall into drug addiction are able to access adequate support, services and routes to rehabilitation.
As my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Policing said to the Scottish Affairs Committee recently, the Government do not have plans to amend the law to permit the introduction of drug-consumption facilities.
We are clear, however, that drug deaths are avoidable, and we are committed to supporting more people into recovery so that they can live healthier and longer lives.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
Given that the independent sentencing review suggests that more use could be made of community sentences in such cases, but courts seem reluctant to use them as an alternative to custody, what can the Law Officers do to ensure that sentencers have confidence in community sentences, which have better outcomes than imprisonment in reducing reoffending?
As my hon.
Friend knows, David Gauke has conducted a sentencing review that covers a wide range of these issues.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we need to have public confidence in community sentencing—that is important.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of people smugglers.
The Government are taking the serious, robust and tough action needed to secure our borders.
That is why we are giving the police counter-terror powers to deal with people-smuggling gangs.
We have backed that with a funding boost to the CPS to enhance its capacity to prosecute cases involving these appalling cross-border smuggling networks.
People across Lichfield, Burntwood and the villages want the Government to get a grip on people-smuggling in the channel after the previous Government’s dereliction of duty.
Too many lives are at risk; too many people are making that dangerous crossing.
Although it is great news that police are working hard, and have arrested dozens of people smugglers and seized almost half a million pounds of criminal cash, it is clear that we need to go further and faster.
What steps is the Solicitor General taking to ensure that people smugglers face the hefty jail terms that they deserve?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: it is vital that police and prosecutors work together to bring people smugglers to justice, and that our criminal justice system sends a clear message that people smuggling will be met with hefty jail terms.
I am pleased to tell him that an offender who played a leading role in an organised crime group that smuggled nearly 4,000 migrants was sentenced to 25 years’ imprisonment in May.
Does the Solicitor General understand the frustration, annoyance and anger of many people in the United Kingdom about the fact that we are paying the French authorities many millions of pounds to do what appears—at the moment anyway—to be very little to smash the gangs that we keep being told will be smashed?