Friend is absolutely right: it is vital that police and prosecutors work together to bring people smugglers to justice, and that our criminal justice system sends a clear message that people smuggling will be met with hefty jail terms.
I am pleased to tell him that an offender who played a leading role in an organised crime group that smuggled nearly 4,000 migrants was sentenced to 25 years’ imprisonment in May.
Does the Solicitor General understand the frustration, annoyance and anger of many people in the United Kingdom about the fact that we are paying the French authorities many millions of pounds to do what appears—at the moment anyway—to be very little to smash the gangs that we keep being told will be smashed?
International partnerships are an incredibly important part of our plan to smash the gangs.
Our recent work with the French Government in particular is bearing a great deal of fruit.
In fact, we hope that the French will soon be able to address the situation that they currently cannot: when would-be migrants are in shallow water.
What steps she is taking to ensure the UK meets its legal obligations under the European convention on human rights.
This Government are fully committed to meeting our legal obligations.
The rule of law is the bedrock of our parliamentary democracy.
Not only does it underpin our legal and judicial systems; it provides the basis for the global success of our legal services sector.
I thank the Solicitor General for her answer.
In the light of the Supreme Court’s judgment defining sex in the Equality Act 2010 as strictly biological, and public comments from the Equality and Human Rights Commission suggesting trans individuals may not be entitled to privacy protections under article 8, what steps are the Solicitor General and her office taking to ensure that domestic law remains fully aligned with the UK’s obligations under the European convention on human rights, particularly articles 3, 8 and 14?
Do the Government intend to clarify or consolidate domestic equality law and the ECHR obligations, to avoid growing legal divergence?
As to the steps that the Law Officers are taking, I am afraid that I have to refer to the Law Officers’ convention.
With regard to the hon.
Member’s wider point and the Supreme Court’s ruling in the For Women Scotland case, the Government have been very clear that we will continue to support single-sex spaces, while also affirming the important rights that trans people have and continue to have under the Equality Act.
I want to ask about our compliance with article 14 with regard to the fast-track justice system.
My constituent, a woman with schizophrenia, has been convicted of not paying her TV licence during mental health difficulties sparked by her mum’s mental illness.
Will the Solicitor General meet me to discuss the single justice procedure and the way it is used in cases such as that?
I will indeed meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that issue.
I believe that the Ministry of Justice has recently consulted on the single justice procedure, and I am more than happy to discuss it with him.
I call the acting shadow Leader of the House.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  23 June  includes:
Monday 23 June —General debate on Pride Month.
Tuesday 24 June —Estimates day (2nd allotted day).
There will be debates on estimates relating to the Department for Education; the Department of Health and Social Care; and the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government.
Wednesday 25 June —Estimates day (3rd allotted day).
There will be debates on estimates relating to the Ministry of Justice, in so far as it relates to criminal justice; the Ministry of Defence, in so far as it relates to the remit of the national armaments director; and the Department for Transport.