We are all elected to this place to make hard decisions, to represent our constituents with integrity and to work in their best interests.
I know that every single Member of this House takes that job incredibly seriously.
However, we also have a duty not to slide into personalised, over-politicised, clickbait attacks on each other which, if we are not careful, undermine us all and democracy as a whole, and threaten the safety of individuals.
I was disappointed to see that members of the shadow Cabinet were doing just that this week, and I hope they will reflect and withdraw some of the dangerous attacks that they launched, particularly as we remember Jo Cox.
We have a responsibility to take the heat out of the political debate—[Interruption.]
Personalised political attack lines—exactly.
We have a responsibility to approach these difficult challenges with the thought, respect and humility that they deserve, and I think the whole House will want to do its job without fear or favour.
When I visited my Ukrainian Saturday school in Welwyn Garden City, many of the parents impressed on me the importance of having the option for Ukrainian children to study a GCSE in the Ukrainian language.
As it stands, somebody can study Russian, but not Ukrainian, and I have promised to take up the cause.
I have written to all the national exam boards, with some mixed responses, but I am determined to stay on the case.
Does the Leader of the House agree that that would be a fantastic subject for further debate in this place?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that with me.
He will know that GCSE subject decisions are taken by the independent exam boards, but he may be interested to know that the Education Secretary has recently written to the exam boards asking them to consider introducing a GCSE in Ukrainian.
I hope my hon.
Friend will continue that campaign, and I am sure that it will get wide support from across the House.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The outbreak of bluetongue and the subsequent announcement by the Welsh Government imposing a hard border for livestock between England and Wales leaves the livelihoods of many border farmers at risk.
Their land often straddles the border, and farmers rely on moving livestock daily between both countries.
According to the Farmers Union  of Wales, by introducing mandatory checks the Welsh Government are creating a “wholly impractical” policy.
I am reliably informed by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brecon, Radnor and Cwm Tawe (David Chadwick)  that a large majority of ewes are on one side of the border, while the tups are on the other, which will make breeding rather tricky.
Will the Leader of the House ask Ministers to bring forward a statement about any work they are doing to create a more joined-up approach between England and Wales to protect farmers in these border counties?
While she is doing so, can we have a statement on whether the Government will create a funded vaccination programme to protect livestock and livelihoods in the whole of the UK?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising the serious issue of cross-border breeding and the difficulties that she outlines.
I know this is a very worrying time for farmers.
I am sure she will be aware that disease control is a devolved matter, but the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is working very closely with the devolved Governments on this particular matter.
She is right to say that the restricted zone has been put in place, which is causing challenges for breeding, as she outlines.
I understand that Ministers are in constant contact with their counterparts on this issue, and it was raised yesterday in Prime Minister’s questions.
I know it is an issue of importance to the House, and I will ensure that the House is constantly updated.