It is important to celebrate awards given to hon.
colleagues, so will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating both the Deputy Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Angela Rayner) , and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  on winning the award in their respective categories as Britain’s sexiest politicians on that well-known website illicitencounters.com?
Does she recommend that they have dinner together?
I am sure that the Deputy Prime Minister has a very full diary; she will be washing her hair and the like, so it might not be possible for her to have dinner with  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) .
The battle of Bamber Bridge in my constituency, 82 years ago, was a powerful moment in history when local people stood in solidarity with black American soldiers against segregation.
I am hugely grateful to councillors, like the wonderful Chris Lomax, who have worked so hard to keep the memory of this special moment in history alive.
I know that the community will have a great time celebrating the anniversary this weekend with a proper American barbecue.
Will the Leader of the House join me in wishing the Bamber Bridge community a wonderful celebration at the Ye Olde Hob Inn this weekend, and will she consider holding a debate on the long history of our British values of bravery and inclusion?
I absolutely join my hon.
Friend in wishing the Bamber Bridge community all the best with their barbecue this weekend, and their celebration of the stand that people took against racism all those years ago.
Last week, I was heartbroken to hear of the loss of Norma Burton, one half of the much-loved social media duo Jess and Norma.
Norma captured the hearts of millions with her warmth and humour, and her amazing bond with her granddaughter, Jess.
Can we have a debate on the vital role that grandparents play in educating the next generation, and will the Leader of the House join me in paying tribute to Norma, who was a remarkable and inspiring woman?
I absolutely join the hon.
Gentleman in paying a warm tribute to Norma Burton, and I am sure the whole House will want to do so, too.
Her partnership with her granddaughter Jess was great, as I am sure many would agree.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to point to the importance of intergenerational relationships, and of always respecting our elders and doing exactly what they say.