The truth is that this Government are beholden to their union paymasters and cannot listen to businesses.
They are a Government who have taken a time machine back to the employment nightmare of the 1970s, when union barons gave Labour Ministers their marching orders.
While the Government and the unions try to refight the battles of the 1970s, the world of work is changing at a rapid rate because of artificial intelligence.
AI brings many benefits, but it is also a clear and present risk to the stability of our labour markets and the livelihood of millions of people in this country.
Despite their love of regulation in all other aspects of our life, this Labour Government have yet again delayed their Artificial Intelligence (Regulation) Bill, so AI is developing unchecked and changing jobs in ways that will have a long-term impact.
While businesses and workers grapple with the new reality of a 21st-century AI economy, the Government are determined to burden them with taxes and regulations from the last century, so will the Leader of the House use her considerable and proven influence to deliver a U-turn on the Employment Rights Bill before it is too late?
If not, will she grant us a debate in Government time on the impact of their union-inspired tax and regulation policies on businesses?
Will she bring her party back to the 21st century and grant us a debate in Government time on how we address the role of AI in the future of work?
The story of this Labour Government and their economic policies is now clear.
If it moves, they tax it; if it does not move, they still tax it.
If they can find a way, they send unemployment higher.
If businesses warn them that things will get worse, they do not listen.
If the unions want something, they give it to them.
This is a Government fighting the battles of the 1970s and behaving like they are still student politicians.
It is a Government making the people of this country poorer as each day passes.
I know the whole House will be following the unfolding events in the middle east carefully and with a great deal of concern.
I assure the House that the Government are working with our partners to urge de-escalation and diplomacy, as well as continuing to engage very closely on the situation in Gaza, for aid to get in and for a sustainable ceasefire.
This week was the ninth anniversary of the murder of my and many other Members’ dear friend Jo Cox.
This week we remember everything that Jo stood for—her values, her passion, and her commitment to building bridges and resolving conflict, and to international development.
I send my thoughts, and I am sure the thoughts of the whole House, to Brendan, Cuillin, Lejla, Jean and Gordon, and of course to Jo’s dear younger sister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater) , who I know Jo would have been incredibly proud of, especially in recent weeks.
It is a pleasure to be joined once again by  the hon.
Member for Beaconsfield (Joy Morrissey) , who I have a great deal of respect for and enjoy working with.
I am sure that she and I are happy to take whatever plaudits we can for the exchanges that we have at business questions, because I know that the Prime Minister and many others follow them incredibly closely.
Her contribution is certainly an improvement on the normal exchanges that I have with the shadow Leader of the House,  the right hon.
Member for Hereford and South Herefordshire (Jesse Norman) , who is not in his place today.
I accept the hon.
Lady’s invitation to say a little bit about child exploitation, but I do not accept her characterisation of there being any kind of U-turn.