My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The Crime and Policing Bill will do more to tackle this issue than anything that we as a country have done in a very long time, such as: introducing respect orders, getting more neighbourhood police on the streets, and giving the police the powers to seize and crush some of the off-road vehicles that are often involved in such antisocial behaviour.
There are newspaper reports this morning that the Attorney General has provided the Government with legal advice against engaging in the war between Israel and Iran.
I am sure the Leader of the House recalls that the last time a Labour Government were contemplating joining the Americans in a middle east war, the Attorney General’s advice was key.
Will the Government publish the advice so that the House can be clear on the legal basis for any future British involvement?
I am not sure whether the hon.
Gentleman is aware, but Governments have always had the policy that we do not comment on what advice the Attorney General has provided, or indeed whether he has provided any advice at all.
That ensures Ministers can get the advice they need to carry out Government business and make decisions without fear or favour.
Just 40% of MPs have been called to speak in this Chamber on the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill ahead of Third Reading tomorrow.
Many colleagues on both sides of the House have tabled amendments to the Bill, but have not had the opportunity to speak to them.
The Bill is hugely significant and many vulnerable people are looking to us to give them the safeguards they need.
Will the Government give more time to the Bill to ensure that the public have full confidence in the process?
I know there are very strong feelings about the Bill on both sides of the House.
I am sure we can all agree that Parliament has shown itself at its best when discussing these issues in a thoughtful and considered way.
As my hon.
Friend will be aware, it is not a Government Bill.
It is a matter of conscience.
As a private Member’s Bill, it is not given Government time because it is not a Government Bill.
It will follow the usual process for a private Member’s Bill.
It is for the House to decide how long the Bill is debated.
The House, through such things as closure motions, can decide to give the Bill longer to debate it, if it so wishes.
The 36th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster passed this year without the long-awaited Hillsborough Bill.
The lawyers working on the Bill have said that if it does not include the statutory duty of candour or legal parity for bereaved families, then it is not a Hillsborough law.
Can the Leader of the House call on a Justice Minister to provide an update for the families, the bereaved and the survivors on whether those two aspects will be included in the Bill?
First of all, the Government remain absolutely committed to fulfilling our commitment to the Hillsborough families on bringing forward and enacting a Hillsborough law, which, as my hon.
Friend says, includes a duty of candour.
That is because the Hillsborough families have spent decades fighting for justice and we do not want to see that continue.
It is important that the Bill reflects the range of views, concerns and experiences, and meets the expectations of families.
That is why we are working at pace with the families on the Bill, and we will introduce it when it is ready.
It is important to celebrate awards given to hon.
colleagues, so will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating both the Deputy Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Angela Rayner) , and my hon.