In the meantime, I will ensure that he gets a ministerial response.
Yesterday I visited the Refugee Council, which is proudly headquartered in my constituency.
From supporting those fleeing for their lives to finding employment for them, it is helping people rebuild and become part of the community in Stratford and Bow.
The constituency is also home to other excellent organisations that support refugees, such as the Refugee and Migrant Forum of Essex and London, Praxis and the Magpie Project—to name but a few.
Both Tower Hamlets and Newham are sanctuary boroughs, and Newham is home to London’s largest Ukrainian population.
Would the Leader of the House join me in celebrating Refugee Week and recognising the valuable contribution made by these groups and others across the UK in supporting refugees to integrate into communities and play their part in national life in Britain, which they can now proudly call home?
I join my hon.
Friend in acknowledging Refugee Week.
This country will always play our part alongside others to help those fleeing persecution.
We have a long-standing history of welcoming refugees, particularly those from Ukraine, as she says, and Hong Kong in recent years.
When they are here, they make a valuable contribution to our community.
Daniel was a very happy and full-of-life 13-year-old boy in Fylde until, just over two years ago, he was diagnosed with a serious brain tumour.
With multiple surgeries, a 70-week chemo treatment and, very sadly, a stroke while going through that treatment, Daniel has now been in hospital for over two years.
He cannot move without assistance and requires assistance to breathe overnight.
The local authority and the NHS have been working together with his family to help design how he can move home and live with his parents, but there is no funding available.
He is falling through the cracks between different policies for the funding to pay for those changes, which the family simply cannot afford.
May we therefore have a debate in Government time on how we can ensure that no family falls through the cracks in such a way and that children are not left inevitably in hospital, and on how to get Dan home?
I am really sorry to hear about Daniel’s situation, and my heart goes out to him and his family at this difficult time.
I know from my experience of brain tumours in my own family that it is a very difficult disease from which many people do not recover.
We need to go much further in the research and treatment of brain tumours, because too many people die too quickly of them.
I am really sorry to hear that he is falling through the cracks between different policies, and I will raise that with Ministers.
The hon.
Member may want to know that we have the national cancer plan coming later this year, and we have relaunched the children and young people cancer taskforce to ensure that services are joined up in the way he describes.
Will the Leader of the House join me in condemning the appalling recent epidemic of antisocial behaviour in Spennymoor, which has seen shops attacked, playgrounds vandalised and public parks damaged?
Does she agree with me that the measures we have been voting on this week, to introduce respect orders and put 13,000 police officers back on our streets, are desperately needed, because we must retake control of our streets and our town centres?
I am sorry to hear about the antisocial behaviour in Spennymoor, which sounds really disruptive and unacceptable.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The Crime and Policing Bill will do more to tackle this issue than anything that we as a country have done in a very long time, such as: introducing respect orders, getting more neighbourhood police on the streets, and giving the police the powers to seize and crush some of the off-road vehicles that are often involved in such antisocial behaviour.