I know that my hon.
Friend has long campaigned on what happened at Orgreave, and that campaigners such as him and others want to see action,  accountability and justice.
Every community should have confidence in their police, but what happened at Orgreave still casts a very long shadow over mining areas like his and in Yorkshire.
As he says, the Home Secretary is committed to resolving this issue and has met campaigners many times.
We are working on a response as a priority, and I will ensure that the House is updated.
Shocking new figures have come to light, showing that white working-class children are falling behind in all but 21 schools across England.
In places like Romford, families who have worked for generations are watching their children slip through the cracks.
I understand that the Education Secretary has launched an inquiry into why communities like mine are facing this problem, but surely equality should mean that every child counts, not just those who fit fashionable narratives.
Will the Leader of the House provide time to debate why this group continues to be neglected and, in some instances, marginalised?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that this Government are absolutely committed to reducing educational inequalities wherever they exist, which is why we have a mission to deliver opportunity for all.
I do not know whether that means he now supports the education plans that we have set out—for example, reducing VAT on private schools in order to get more state school qualified teachers into the system.
I know that the performance of white working-class pupils in our schools has been an issue for many years—in fact, it was an issue when I sat on the Education Committee when the hon.
Gentleman’s party was in government.
I do not remember it ever being a priority for the previous Government, but we will reduce educational inequalities wherever they exist.
Earlier this week, the Department for Transport increased the costs of using the Dartford crossing.
That will impact Gravesham residents and businesses, which do not get the resident discount scheme.
With the announcement this week of the funding for the lower Thames crossing, will the Leader of the House please schedule a debate on river crossings between Kent and Essex and their impact on Gravesham?
I know that this is an issue of great concern to Members with constituencies close to the Dartford crossing.
My hon.
Friend will be aware that, unfortunately, the last time the charges were increased was in 2014.
Since then, demand has grown massively, which is why we had to introduce these small increases in the charges.
I know that it is a concern for such Members, and I am sure that, were they to apply for a debate, they would get a popular response.
Electronic travel authorisations were first introduced in Northern Ireland just six months ago.
Despite having put down several written parliamentary questions, I cannot seem to establish from the Home Office how many people have not had a valid ETA in the past six months.
May we have a debate in Government time to establish the veracity of the numbers of ETAs that have been issued and of those who have not had them in the past six months?
I am really sorry that the hon.
Member has not had adequate responses from parliamentary questions, and I will ensure that they are forthcoming.
I do not have the figures to hand, but I see that Northern Ireland questions are coming up soon, as are other opportunities.
In the meantime, I will ensure that he gets a ministerial response.
Yesterday I visited the Refugee Council, which is proudly headquartered in my constituency.
From supporting those fleeing for their lives to finding employment for them, it is helping people rebuild and become part of the community in Stratford and Bow.