Whether the Attorney General has provided the Government with legal advice on immigration matters.
The hon.
Member will be aware that the Law Officers’ convention prevents me from disclosing whether advice has been sought from the Law Officers, whether advice has been given and, indeed, the content of any advice.
The Attorney General has recently been forced to apologise for his comments about those who believe the European convention on human rights is impeding efforts to tackle illegal migration.
Does that not call into question the credibility of any advice given by the Attorney General and whether we can take the Government’s plans to stop the boats seriously?
As I said, the Law Officers’ convention prevents me from disclosing whether Lord Hermer advised on this issue or indeed any other.
It does not, however, prevent me from saying that I am surprised that the hon.
Gentleman wants to talk about illegal migration, given the abject mess the Conservatives left the country in.
Counter-terrorism powers could optimise the effectiveness of the Border Security Command.
Could the Solicitor General advise on how the Crown Prosecution Service is being empowered to tackle illegal migration and people smuggling?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point and refers to a critical part of the Government’s plan to secure our borders.
The CPS has recently received new funding to step up surveillance and prosecutions, which will mean that those who commit horrible crimes in relation to people smuggling feel the full force of the law.
I call the shadow Solicitor General.
Nine of our European allies have written to Strasbourg, requesting a reset of the European convention on human rights to allow national Parliaments to remove foreign offenders who threaten public safety.
Britain’s signature is missing.
In fact, we were not even asked to join.
Unfortunately, that says everything about the way in which this Government are viewed by others.
Can the Solicitor General confirm whether the Government will now back that initiative, or will they leave it to others to defend the primacy of democratic lawmaking?
As the Lord Chancellor made very clear yesterday, the UK remains committed to the ECHR, but it is absolutely right that as the challenges facing modern democracies evolve, so must international law and, indeed, domestic interpretation of that law.
This Government are taking a serious, considered and responsible approach, and we have a history of engaging constructively with the Court.
According to press reports, Qari Abdul Rauf, a convicted ringleader of the Rochdale child rape gang, is still living in the town.
That is nearly 10 years after a judge ordered his deportation.
Repeated appeals under article 8 of the ECHR—the right to family life —have blocked his removal.
What action are the Government taking to stop criminals abusing article 8 to defeat Parliament’s clear intention to deport them?
If you come to this country, you play by our rules.
That is why since we came into office, we have been taking action to ensure that foreign offenders can be deported at the earliest opportunity.
In the period since we have been in office, we have deported nearly 30,000 foreign criminals and failed asylum seekers.
That is the highest rate of returns for more than half a decade.
It is the right thing to do, it will save prison capacity, and it will save taxpayers’ money.
If she will take steps to reduce the number of prosecutions brought for non-violent drug-related offences.
In its recent report, the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs highlighted the Government’s safer streets mission as a key vehicle to address the connection between drug use and criminality.
The Government’s flagship Crime and Policing Bill will expand police powers to conduct more drug tests on more suspects upon arrest, which will help to direct more drug users into treatment and away from illegal drug use.