Lady, as she makes a serious point.
We want every single part of this country to share in the digital future.
We can do that only if we have the infrastructure that we need everywhere in the UK.
I know that the Minister shares the delight that many of us felt when it was announced that researchers from the UK-based AI company Google DeepMind are to share a Nobel prize for their work on protein folding, a technology that will help shape economies of the future.
As founder of Labour Women in Tech, I want this technological growth to be diverse, so what are the Government doing to ensure both that the UK remains a global leader in this tech space and that my constituents in South Derbyshire are able to trust that this technology can and will benefit everyone?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and for all the work that she does to encourage more women into tech.
It is great to know that the tech world is full not just of “tech bros”, but quite a lot of tech sisters as well.
We are committed to building on the UK’s success as a global AI leader, and the upcoming AI action plan demonstrates that commitment to ensure the safe development of AI models by introducing binding regulation on a handful of companies developing the most powerful AI systems, fostering trust in those technologies.
We will also continue—
Order.
We are now moving to Prime Minister’s questions.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 16 October.
Alex Salmond was a monumental figure in Scottish and UK politics.
He leaves a lasting legacy.
I know that the deepest condolences of the whole House are with Moira, his family and his loved ones.
This week, we also remember our colleague and friend, Sir David Amess, whose kindness and commitment to public service continues to inspire us all.
I know how deeply this is felt by those on the Opposition Benches, and I am so glad that his plaque is here in the House with us.
I also wish to acknowledge the extraordinary life of Holocaust survivor Lily Ebert whose message of hope showed such courage.
May her memory be a blessing.
We also extend our sympathies to the family of General Sir Mike Jackson.
He was an inspirational leader of the British Army and served with distinction.
I know the whole House will join me in wishing the best of luck to the new England manager, Thomas Tuchel.
I will not hold his old job against him, but I wish him well in the new one.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
In last week’s maternity services debate, we heard of the devastating impact of the removal of consultant-led maternity services from hospitals.
Under the previous Government’s unfunded new hospitals programme, there were proposals to remove consultant-led maternity services from our hospital in Winchester.
Can the Prime Minister reassure me and my constituents that, under the new Government, consultant-led maternity and A&E services will remain in Winchester, and will he commit to funding properly the backlog of maintenance issues that has developed in our hospital?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising that very important issue and for championing the voices of women in his constituency.
We are committed to ensuring that all women and babies receive safe, compassionate and personalised care through pregnancy, birth and the critical following months.
Reconfiguration of the services, as he knows, is a matter for the integrated care boards, which is important, as it allows decisions to be made locally and to be tailored to local interests.
All changes should be based on evidence, be clinically led and involve engagement with patients to ensure that they will deliver better outcomes.