Group Captain Lizzy Nicholl had an exemplary career with the RAF until she was forced to resign for refusing to implement illegal recruitment orders.
Despite inquiry after inquiry vindicating Lizzy on every count, the RAF and MOD have failed to offer her fair compensation, and those responsible have walked away.
Shamefully, during the election purdah period, in what I believe was an attempt to subvert ministerial oversight, she was offered a derisory £2,000 by officials.
I have documents proving beyond doubt that the former Chief of the Air Staff lied to the then Defence Secretary about her case.
The Prime Minister says he believes in righting wrongs, so will he meet Lizzy, and help ensure that those responsible do not just walk away and that Lizzy gets the justice she so very much deserves?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising what is obviously a very important case, and she is right to do so.
I am not across the individual details of it, but it obviously does need to be looked into.
So we will commit to look into it, and I will make sure that she gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to lay out such details as she has and to get some answers as to our inquiries.
Children’s social care in this country is now in crisis.
Vulnerable children are regularly placed hundreds of miles from home, often in unregulated and unsafe accommodation.
Meanwhile, private companies are making record profits on the backs of struggling and desperate local authorities.
Frankly, this is an issue—a national scandal—that does not get enough attention.
Today, I will be presenting my private Member’s Bill, which will offer modest reform in this area, but will the Prime Minister reassure me and thousands of families across the country that it is a priority of his Government to fix the social care crisis and our family courts?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue and being a champion on it.
He  is absolutely right about the appalling inheritance:  one in four children in absolute poverty—that is a terrible inheritance—and too many vulnerable children in unregulated accommodation.
Through our children’s wellbeing Bill, we will put children and their wellbeing at the heart of the education and social care systems.
We will also provide a home for all young care leavers to ensure that they are not homeless, and remove the barriers to opportunity so every child can thrive in safe and loving homes.
During the election campaign, the now Prime Minister made a hell of a lot of promises, some of which I am sure he will remember.
Of particular importance to my constituents in Andover and North West Hampshire was a promise made on 18 June during a campaign  visit to Basingstoke, when he made an unequivocal, unconditional commitment to rebuild our local hospital.
Is that a promise on which we can rely?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for raising that; it is obviously of huge importance to his constituents and he is right to do so.
As he knows, we are reviewing the programme.
The programme that the last Government put in place for 40 new hospitals had a number of flaws: they were not all hospitals, they were not new, and they were not funded, so we are reviewing it.
He is right to raise this matter, and I will ensure that he has a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss the development in his constituency.
It will matter to his constituents who are listening to this, and it is important that they know where the failure lay.
I welcome the Government’s historic investment in carbon capture and storage technology for Teesside and Merseyside.
This week I have been at the sector’s conference, and the feeling there is that this is a Government who are delivering after years of delay.