The right hon.
Gentleman speaks about the record of the last Government.
That record was 14 years of failure.
Six years of austerity, three years of Brexit logjam, then Johnson, Truss and the present Leader of the Opposition—utter failure.
This Government were elected to do things differently, make fairer choices, and most importantly, give Britain its future back.
We will fix the foundations, with a long-term plan to grow our economy, protect working people and rebuild our country.
Two years ago, Thurrock Council was led into effective bankruptcy by the then Conservative Administration, in no small part due to an investment of hundreds of millions of pounds in a solar farm scheme run by a conman.
Given the Prime Minister’s commitment to integrity in public life, will he support my call, and those of my constituents, for a public inquiry, so that those responsible can finally be held to account?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question, because years of underfunding have left councils facing huge budget pressures—[Interruption.]
Opposition Members yawn; they do not know the impact that it has on working people up and down the country, who rely on public services.
What has happened in Thurrock is shocking.
We are committed to resetting the relationship, and helping those under intervention to recover and reform.
Fourteen years is a long time of destroying local services, and it is clear that it will take time to fix them.
We will get councils back on their feet by providing multi-year funding settlements, but ultimately we have to grow our economy.
I am surprised that the Leader  of the Opposition did not welcome the £63 billion of investment that we were able to announce on Monday.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
I echo the Prime Minister’s tributes to Alex Salmond, Sir David Amess and Lily Ebert.
I welcome the news that Ministers are going to review the carer’s allowance repayment scandal, after campaigns by carers organisations, The Guardian and the Liberal Democrats, culminating in our motion on the Order Paper today, but does the Prime Minister agree that the evidence needed for the review is already long established, and many of the decisions self-evident?
Will he and his colleagues vote for our motion today, so that we can write off the overpayments, end the crazy cliff edge to the earnings limit now, and have a fuller review of the support that carers deserve?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising that really important issue, which is affecting a number of people.
We have launched an independent review into the carer’s allowance overpayments, to look at the circumstances of the overpayments and see what went wrong and what can be done to put it right, because carers must get the support that they deserve.
I am grateful to him for raising it and I am glad that we have been able to take this action today to go forward on that really important issue.
I thank the Prime Minister for that answer, and ask him that Ministers listen to the voices of carers throughout the review.
Let me turn to the middle east.
Israeli Finance Minister Smotrich has said that starving 2 million people in Gaza might be “justified and moral”.
National Security Minister Ben-Gvir called settlers who killed a 19-year-old on the west bank “heroes”.
After my visit to Israel and Palestine last February, having witnessed the damaged that those extremist Ministers in the Netanyahu Government are doing, I called on the last UK Government to sanction them.
They refused, but we now learn that the former Foreign Secretary was considering it.
Will the Prime Minister now sanction Ministers Ben-Gvir and Smotrich?
We are looking at that, because those are obviously abhorrent comments, as the right hon.
Gentleman rightly says, along with other really concerning activity in the west bank and across the region.