We are committed to ensuring that all women and babies receive safe, compassionate and personalised care through pregnancy, birth and the critical following months.
Reconfiguration of the services, as he knows, is a matter for the integrated care boards, which is important, as it allows decisions to be made locally and to be tailored to local interests.
All changes should be based on evidence, be clinically led and involve engagement with patients to ensure that they will deliver better outcomes.
This is a very important matter.
Whitby InterActive has provided inclusive play schemes and holiday activities for children and young people with special educational needs and disabilities for 26 years.
It has been a lifeline for families continually failed by Conservative Governments, but InterActive is set to close due to a funding shortfall.
Does the Prime Minister agree that action to tackle the crisis in SEND provision is urgently needed and that charities, such as InterActive, deserve our support more than ever?
Yes, I do, and I know this is a concerning time for families who rely on the brilliant work of Whitby InterActive.
Children with special educational needs and disabilities have been failed for too long.
It comes up repeatedly in the House, with parents struggling to get their children the support they need and deserve.
We must raise the standards for every child so that they can succeed in education.
We will fix the foundations and ensure that every child can achieve their potential.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
I join the Prime Minister’s words of tribute to Alex Salmond and the Holocaust survivor Lily Ebert, and thank him for his kind words about Sir David Amess, whom we remember fondly.
We are thinking of all their families at this moment.
This week, China has carried out unwarranted, aggressive and intimidatory military exercises in the Taiwan strait.
Our allies are rightly concerned.
After worrying reports that the Government may have intervened to stop a visit to the UK by the former Taiwanese President, will the Prime Minister confirm that the Foreign Secretary will use his meetings in Beijing this week to condemn China’s dangerous escalatory acts in the strait?
The continued military activity in the strait is not conducive to peace and stability.
Stability in the Taiwan strait is in all of our interests.
On the wider point that he raises, we will co-operate where  we can as permanent members of the UN Security Council on issues such as net zero and health and trade, compete where we have different interests, and challenge—the point he makes is absolutely right—where it is needed to protect national security, human rights and our values.
We will put that challenge in.
Given what the Prime Minister said—I agree of course that we must engage and should use that engagement for our national interest—I hope that the Foreign Secretary will unequivocally condemn this military escalation and stand up for democracy in Taiwan.
The whole House will be concerned about the fate of the democracy campaigner Jimmy Lai.
He is a British citizen who has been wrongly imprisoned in Hong Kong for four years.
The previous Government pressured China for his release.
Does the Prime Minister agree that this is a politically motivated prosecution and that it is a breach of China’s legal obligations to Hong Kong under the Sino-British declaration?
Yes, and that case, as the right hon.
Gentleman will understand, is a priority for the Government.
We call on the Hong Kong authorities to release immediately our British national.
The Foreign Secretary raised this case in his first meeting with China’s Foreign Minister and we will continue to do so.
I thank the Prime Minister for that answer.
As he knows, China has become a decisive enabler of Russia’s war against Ukraine, now supplying the vast majority of Russia’s imported military micro-electronics and components and worsening the suffering of the Ukrainian people.