It is coming up to 100 years since it was founded, and it has created amazing drugs, such as tamoxifen, to extend people’s lives and help them fight cancer.
We know that less than 5% of medical research investment is spent on R&D in Yorkshire.
Given that   we have 8% of the population, what more can the Secretary of State do to ensure that R&D opportunity investment is spread across our country?
It is incredibly important for this Government that we invest across the whole country, which is why we have invested £118 million in healthcare research and partnership hubs that are outside London and across the United Kingdom.
I hope that this benefits the hon.
Gentleman’s area too.
I call the Chair of the Science, Innovation and Technology Committee.
The whole House recognises—certainly, the Government’s industrial strategy does—that in order to drive growth we need innovation clusters across the country.
The last Government committed to increasing R&D spend outside of the greater south-east by 40% by 2030 as part of the failed levelling-up strategy.
Will the Secretary of State say whether he intends to maintain that target, and/or what steps he will take to ensure that funding is available to drive regional growth and innovation?
I am extremely grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question, and I congratulate her, on behalf the whole House, on her election as Chair of the Select Committee—I look forward to appearing before it soon and regularly thereafter.
She raises an incredibly important point.
I can say that this Government are committed to working with local and regional mayors to ensure that local growth plans and the partnerships with UKRI will benefit all regions.
These include a £100 million innovation accelerator pilot and £80 million in launchpad programmes, all of which will meet the needs that she outlines.
The Secretary of State has an interest in Northern Ireland, so can I ask him whether he holds statistics on how much research and development tax relief support has been issued to Northern Ireland in the last 12 months to help support science and technology?
If he does not have the figures today, I would be happy for him to send them to me.
As always, I am grateful to hear from the hon.
Gentleman.
I will be in touch with any specifics that I can follow up with, but we are a Government committed to Northern Ireland, which I believe he will have seen from day one of this Labour Government back in July.
I can also show that there have been great advancements in investment in Northern Ireland, which is why Northern Ireland has the highest coverage rates for fast fibre-optic broadband of any part of the United Kingdom.
I want to be a champion for Northern Ireland, and I visited recently to ensure that everybody in the science and technology community there realises that this is a Government who are on their side.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Secretary of State, in one of his first acts in his new role, cut £1.3 billion-worth of funding that would have been transformative for enabling cutting-edge research and development in Britain.
I note that he has also ditched our ambition to turn Britain into a science and technology superpower.
We set a target of £20 billion for R&D, which   we met, but he has set no such target.
Will he be setting a target, and can he today promise that there will be no cuts to R&D expenditure?
I congratulate the hon.
Gentleman on  his appointment to his Front-Bench role.
Let us just  be honest about what this Government inherited.
That £20 billion black hole affects every single Department across Government.
My Department inherited a situation where the previous Government—including the former Chancellor,  the right hon.