However, I am not sure that the statistics reflect the lived experience of most people in his constituency—or, I suspect, any other constituency in the land.
That is not good enough, which is why our ambition is for all populated areas to have stand-alone 5G by 2030.
I am grateful to the Minister for his answer.
Bridgwater has a mixture of urban and rural areas, and many of my constituents in the rural parts complain of almost non-existent signals.
The O2 signal in Burnham-on-Sea is non-existent.
In Pawlett, the Vodafone and EE signals are non-existent.
In Chedzoy, the EE signal is non-existent. [
Interruption.]
Can he confirm that the Government intend to continue funding the shared rural network, so that we can improve coverage for all our constituents?
Well, I note that the mobile signal seems to be working in here, which is unusual for the rest of the country.
We have to get this right, because  people cannot live without a proper mobile signal.
It is essential for people’s lives, their health and their ability to run a business, and we are determined to put things right.
In direct answer to the hon.
Gentleman’s question, yes, we will continue to fund the shared rural network.
In constituencies such as Bridgwater and Carlisle, poor mobile coverage forces people to rely on their fixed-line services.
Does the Minister share my concern that the switch-off of the public switched telephone network will leave constituents unable to access 999 services in the event of an emergency?
I welcome my hon.
Friend to her place.
She makes a really good point: as we take away the copper lines and move over to the new technology, which we need to do, it is absolutely essential that we ensure there is a safe transition, even if it is only for people who have telecare devices on which they rely for their own safety—I am sure we all have relatives who have one of those.
I have already met all the operators, and I am determined to crack the whip on this issue.
I call Ayoub Khan—not here.
What steps he is taking to help improve domestic research and development capabilities.
The UK’s R&D system is a central strength and vital for the future prosperity and wellbeing of our citizens.
We are recognised for the strengths of our universities system and research base, and we are investing through UK Research and Innovation to continuously improve our R&D capabilities.
In July we launched five new quantum technology hubs, which are delivered by UKRI and backed by over £100 million-worth of Government funding.
This will ensure that the British people benefit from the potential of quantum technologies in a range of areas, from healthcare and computing to national security and critical infra- structure alike.
Turbo Power Systems in my constituency is a great example of a global company built on research and development but with proud local roots.
Would the Secretary of State be happy to visit it, as I have, to see its fantastic work?
Of course, I look forward to visiting Turbo Power Systems the next time I am in the region and seeing the amazing work it does.
It is contributing to one of the key missions of this Government, which is to get to clean superpower status by 2030, and I look forward to seeing what it is doing to make that a reality.
I recently visited Yorkshire Cancer Research in my constituency.
It is coming up to 100 years since it was founded, and it has created amazing drugs, such as tamoxifen, to extend people’s lives and help them fight cancer.
We know that less than 5% of medical research investment is spent on R&D in Yorkshire.
Given that   we have 8% of the population, what more can the Secretary of State do to ensure that R&D opportunity investment is spread across our country?