The House authorities are taking steps to prevent this from happening again.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I was going to raise the issue you have just spoken about as a point of order.
My concern is that, for the first time ever in my experience within this House, the list of Members participating in a Division has not been published in the hard copy of Hansard.
I ask you to insist that Hansard publishes the list in hard copy, rather than relying upon its being put online.
Can I also ask how it came about?
This is to do with new technology, and when I inquired about this matter earlier today, the list was still not available at 11.30 this morning.
Why was it not?
Let me deal with the hon.
Gentleman’s main point.
I can assure him that we will get it printed, even if it is on a separate sheet, to make sure that who voted what way is available in hard copy.
That is the key thing.
On his other point, this was human error.
It is not about technology; it is nothing to do with technology.
Sometimes mistakes are made.
I do not want to go on a witch hunt over a mistake made by human error.
What I will say is that we will put something in place to ensure that this does not happen again.
I am sure he would agree that that is the best way to deal with this matter.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
The Prime Minister said during Prime Minister’s questions, in answer to the Leader of the Opposition, that it was not correct that the current Government have postponed the implementation of the foreign influence registration scheme, yet on  14 August  the Government website was updated and a statement was proactively issued by the Home Office stating that the FIR scheme was “no longer expected” to come into force in 2024.
That is a postponement, so please will you insist that the Prime Minister returns to the House to correct the record and ensure that we are not misled?
The hon.
Lady has been here long enough—[Interruption.]
Let me at least finish before you start chipping back at me.
I am grateful to her  for giving me notice of her point of order.
As she well knows, I am not responsible for the accuracy of the   Prime Minister’s answers in this House.
However, she has put the point on the record, and I am sure that those on the Treasury Bench will have heard her remarks.
Let us see where we go from there.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Some of us were hoping to get an opportunity to ask the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology about the steps his Department is taking to improve diversity and inclusion in the science, technology, engineering and mathematics workforce, but we were not able to do so, because  the hon.
Member for Birmingham Perry Barr (Ayoub Khan)  did not turn up to ask the question on the Order Paper.
I know that you, Mr Speaker, and your staff have been at tremendous pains—
Order.
We both know that that is not a point of order.
You have put on the record the point you were—[Interruption.]
No, it is a continuation of questions that finished quite a long time ago.
You have made the point that you were not able to get the question in, and we will leave it at that.
I am not opening up that debate at this stage.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
The Prime Minister paid tribute to Sir David Amess at questions—we all still miss him—and to General Sir Mike Jackson, who served a number of tours in Northern Ireland, as did hundreds of thousands of British servicemen upholding the rule of law.
Hundreds were killed and thousands were maimed by bombs.