It will matter to his constituents who are listening to this, and it is important that they know where the failure lay.
I welcome the Government’s historic investment in carbon capture and storage technology for Teesside and Merseyside.
This week I have been at the sector’s conference, and the feeling there is that this is a Government who are delivering after years of delay.
Will the Prime Minister recognise the unique potential that Teesside has for jobs, prosperity and economic growth into the future?
Yes, and you will have observed, Mr Speaker, that on Monday we had a very successful investment summit, with £63 billion coming into this country, jobs in every part of the UK, and a clear message from businesses that they are prepared to invest now under this new Labour Government.
Part of that was a £22 billion commitment to carbon capture, usage and storage, creating the first clusters in the world including, as my hon.
Friend points out, in various parts of the country.
We will support those jobs and investment.
We will grow our economy and rebuild our country.
North Cornwall is an amazing place to live and work, but a top-down approach from Westminster has failed us.
Public services are chronically underfunded, with young people forced to move away to pursue careers elsewhere, and affordable housing is a promise that is simply never kept.
Will the Prime Minister meet all six Cornish MPs to discuss devolution for Cornwall, with a Cornish assembly that recognises our unique culture, language and national minority status, so that we can finally unleash Cornwall’s economic potential?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising that.
I do believe in transferring power out of Westminster and into the hands of leaders who know their communities best.
Those with skin in the game know what is best for their communities.
We are already making steps in the south-west by signing the devolution agreement for Devon and Torbay, and I encourage  local authorities to work with their neighbours to  pursue deeper and wider devolution for their area.
I will ensure that the hon.
Member has the meeting that he is asking for.
As the Prime Minister works for a ceasefire and the return of the hostages, he will have the support of Members across the House.
He will have noted the comments from the White House calling for urgent action to deal with the humanitarian crisis in Gaza, and for the Netanyahu Government to increase access to aid and the amount of aid getting through.
Does the Prime Minister agree with those comments from the White House, and what representations is he making on that matter?
Yes, I do agree with those remarks, and we are constantly making representations on this with our partners.
There is an urgent need, as there has been for a long time, for more aid to get into Gaza.
It is a desperate situation, and Israel must comply with its international humanitarian law obligations.
That is why we are convening a session of the UN Security Council, with others, to address that issue.
I should inform the House that there has been an issue with the publication of the data from last night’s Division on the reasoned amendment to the Second Reading of the House of Lords (Hereditary Peers) Bill.
The result of the Division is not in doubt.
As always, it is determined by the Tellers’ count, as announced in the Chamber last night.
The names of the Members recorded on the pass reader terminals were not available on the usual timetable as a result of human error.
Those names have now been published on the CommonsVotes app and will be available in Hansard online shortly.
The House authorities are taking steps to prevent this from happening again.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I was going to raise the issue you have just spoken about as a point of order.