Chivenor, where I was so lucky to be posted all those years ago, is now home to the Royal Marines Commando Logistic Regiment, and my area has a proud military history.
Now-famous surfing beaches, such as Woolacombe and Saunton sands, were once used as training grounds to prepare allied forces for the Normandy landings.
Behind the natural beauty, the challenges that my area faces are stark.
Like many rural and coastal constituencies, it suffers from low wages, which are nearly £100 a week less than the national average, and an acute housing shortage that prices younger people out of our communities or prevents them from starting a family in North Devon, as I did.
Even in the 2020s, parts of my constituency still face real deprivation.
In some parts of Ilfracombe, for example, the proportion of young people attaining level 4 qualifications is barely above 25%, while life expectancy is 10 years lower than other parts of Devon.
Out of uniform, I joined the NHS, starting out as a mental health nurse at North Devon district hospital—the most  remote acute hospital in mainland England—visiting patients across unique communities, such as Combe Martin and Lynton, and eventually leading the campaign to build a chemotherapy and day treatment unit.
My area suffers from shortfalls in important medical services such as pharmacy, nursing and, in particular, dentistry.
Our hospital now has intensive care units and operating theatres that are approaching 50 years old and are desperately in need of investment from the new hospital programme.
However, I have been astonished by the possibilities on offer in my constituency.
Numerous coastal seats across the south-west, mine included, stand to benefit massively from investment in floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea.
Clean energy, an extended supply chain and high-paying jobs could be a shot in the arm for the economy of the great south-west.
I pay tribute to my predecessor Selaine Saxby, who identified how that massive opportunity could, if done right, benefit the region for decades to come.
North Devon district hospital will soon be home to a £1.4 million clinical research centre that will lead groundbreaking studies into heart conditions, joint problems and osteoarthritis.
Few people know that Barnstaple, where I live, is also home to Accord Healthcare, a pharmaceutical group that manufactures a staggering 10% of all the medication used in the NHS and is a vital part of this country’s critical supply chain.
It has just announced a new, groundbreaking, orally administered medication for prostate cancer.
That is hot off the press this week and may benefit as many as 40,000 cancer sufferers, and it is among the first medications of its kind.
Another remarkable firm, Systems Engineering and Assessment, or SEA, has just won a £135 million contract to supply cutting-edge defensive countermeasure systems to the Royal Navy.
Thanks to its hard work and some innovative engineering on an industrial estate in my constituency, young people will be kept safe as they serve their country in uniform.
My constituency is one of hidden opportunities around every corner.
We must seize them.
It is an immense privilege for me to be North Devon’s voice in this place, and I intend to do it justice.
I congratulate my hon.
and gallant Friend  the Member for North Devon (Ian Roome)  on his maiden speech.
I start by thanking my long-suffering family, especially my children Zoe, Sam and Emily, who have been truly supportive throughout everything to get me to this place.
Let me express my thanks to the amazing team in the constituency who worked so hard to get me here as well.
It is an honour to have been elected to represent my constituency of Newton Abbot, an area that I have called home for some 25 years.
I tend to find that people in Westminster either ask, “Where is Newton Abbot?”
or they say that they know it well through personal experience.