The new centre was to have become the home to local GPs and local NHS services.
I did write to my pen pal, the Secretary of State, but have yet to hear back.
In the meantime, I am working with the GPs to help them secure a new home and avoid putting primary care for 18,000 patients in jeopardy.
Teignmouth hospital is still under the threat of closure, despite housing many NHS and voluntary sector services.
Meeting recently with Volunteering in Health at the hospital with my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey) , we saw how its model of wraparound care had been copied internationally and that Singapore was now rolling it out as global best practice.
As an engineer and a Liberal, I know that we do not need to accept broken systems.
We can fix them, and by empowering people we can build a brighter and better future.
I will do everything I can in this place to fix systems and help my constituents, and help to protect the beautiful constituency, the environment and its biodiversity as long as I am here.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What progress he has made on improving broadband connectivity.
More than 85% of UK premises can now access a gigabit-capable broadband connection.
Through Project Gigabit, more than a dozen suppliers are delivering contracts to bring fast, reliable broadband to more than 1 million more homes and businesses across the country.
My team are making good progress and pushing forward with further plans to improve digital connectivity in hard-to-reach communities that would otherwise be missing out.
Access to reliable broadband is essential to residents across my constituency, but for those who fall just outside commercial full-fibre broadband deployment areas, it remains a real issue that impacts their ability to work and study.
What further action can the Government take to ensure that residents falling just outside current roll-out areas are not left behind?
My hon.
Friend is a good advocate for her new constituency.
I want everyone to understand that this new Department is not far removed from people’s lives, because we represent areas of technology all the way from space to digital infrastructure.
We realise that every aspect of the Department’s work is connected to human beings trying to move forward and get on in life, and nowhere is that more important than in their ability to express their lives online.
I can reassure her that we are ensuring that the market for digital provision is a functioning market that delivers for her constituents.
In areas where the market is not as full as we would like, market providers need to work together, to ensure that all residents across her constituency have the connectivity they deserve.
My constituents in Throwley and Wichling have been battling for high-speed broadband.
We thought we had  it over the line, but in a recent telephone conversation Building Digital UK said that it was still to be confirmed.
Would the Secretary of State be willing to meet me to discuss how we can ensure that those communities do not miss out again?
Go on!
I can hear encouraging sounds from the hon.
Lady’s colleagues asking for that meeting.
Let me say at the outset that this Department wants to engage with everyone—[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
I haven’t finished yet.
We want to ensure that everyone in every constituency has full access to the connectivity that they need.
With that in mind, the Minister responsible for the roll-out of these services will meet officials to  ensure that the hon.
Lady is given the attention that her constituents deserve.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
People and businesses in my constituency, like many elsewhere, are plagued with patchy access.
Andy from Wheathampstead has found that the only way he can move on to working from home and running a business is to have expensive satellite broadband.