Even though our high street, like many across the country, has struggled over the years, traditional stores such as the phenomenal family-run Walker and Ling, opened in 1904 and trading in the same place since, have kept the faith and are part of the fabric of this great town.
I sincerely hope it will be there for many more years to come as we work together to revitalise the high street.
Weston is also home to some amazing tech start-ups, and as the world becomes more interconnected, with high-skill, high-wage jobs tied less to cities, places such as Weston are starting to see investment.
More people have cottoned on to what a great place it is, and I can totally understand why.
I thank my predecessor John Penrose for his service in this place over 19 years.
I particularly pay tribute to him for his work on the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Act 2024 and as the anti-corruption champion in the May and Johnson Ministries.
Before him came the late Lord Cotter, who was a visionary for our town, advocating for digital transformation and  regional economic development.
He was also a patron of a homeless and rough sleeping charity in Weston, Somewhere to Go, which he cared for deeply.
I am honoured to continue in his footsteps as a trustee.
I look forward to playing an active role in the Government’s ambitious plans to end homelessness, and to ensuring that technology is a force for good and that digital inclusion becomes a reality for all.
Our youth and, indeed, all those seeking to learn and develop deserve the best opportunities.
I am inspired constantly by the hope, resilience and community spirit of the children and young people I am fortunate enough to be surrounded by in Weston.
I am committed to ensuring that Weston continues to be a place where everyone can thrive, and where community and innovation come together to build a brighter future for all.
If the children and young people I see in my constituency week in, week out are anything to judge our future by, we are in excellent hands.
Thank you, Weston-super-Mare, for being my home and for giving me the opportunity to serve you.
I have spent most of my working life in the NHS, but speaking for the first time in the House, I must start with a confession: as some of the northerly Members will recognise from my voice, I was not born in the west country.
It is now 35 years since I was posted to what was then RAF Chivenor on the beautiful north Devon coast, while serving in the Royal Air Force.
At the time, my flight sergeant at RAF Laarbruch in Germany told me that going to north Devon would probably turn out to be an adventure.
I confess to the House that I do not think this place is quite what he, or I, had in mind.
First, I want to thank my family, friends, and all my supporters over the years— especially my two-year-old grandson Clayton, who probably won me one or two votes—as without them I would not be here.
My constituency is fortunate to be famous for its stunning landscape and areas of outstanding natural beauty, with beaches, moors, farmland and forests that draw countless visitors every year.
Farming and tourism sustain many of our rural communities, with historic market towns such as South Molton, set in rolling countryside, giving way to stunning seaside destinations such as Woolacombe, Instow and Braunton.
Chivenor, where I was so lucky to be posted all those years ago, is now home to the Royal Marines Commando Logistic Regiment, and my area has a proud military history.
Now-famous surfing beaches, such as Woolacombe and Saunton sands, were once used as training grounds to prepare allied forces for the Normandy landings.
Behind the natural beauty, the challenges that my area faces are stark.