Will the Prime Minister now sanction Ministers Ben-Gvir and Smotrich?
We are looking at that, because those are obviously abhorrent comments, as the right hon.
Gentleman rightly says, along with other really concerning activity in the west bank and across the region.
The humanitarian situation in Gaza is dire: the death toll has surpassed 42,000 and access to basic  services is becoming much harder.
Israel must take all possible steps to avoid civilian casualties, to allow aid into Gaza in much greater volume, and to provide the UN and humanitarian partners the ability to operate effectively.
Along with France, the UK will convene an urgent meeting of the UN Security Council to address that.
It has been an honour to meet my constituent Tom Morton, a young person in care who cares so deeply about politics and communities—he is sat in the Public Gallery today.
Young people in care are at disproportionate risk of criminal and cynical exploitation by drug barons through county lines.
Will the Prime Minister tell Tom and the House what steps the Government will take to prevent vulnerable children in care from becoming involved in county lines operations?
I welcome Tom to the House.
It is encouraging to see young people engaging in democracy.
County lines is a real problem, and all of us will have experienced its effect and impact in our constituencies.
Our county lines programme focuses on preventing young people from being exploited and lured into criminal gangs, which is far too common, and we are committed to introducing a new offence of child criminal exploitation—that is long overdue.
We will also create a network of Young Futures hubs, staffed with professional youth workers, mental health support workers and career advisers, to provide focused support for young people, helping them to fulfil their ambitions and preventing them from being drawn into crime.
Plaid Cymru, too, pays tribute to Alex Salmond and Sir David Amess.
One in five people in Wales are on an NHS waiting list.
The Secretary of State for Wales says that a new cross-border NHS plan would bring down Welsh surgery waiting lists, but the Labour First Minister of Wales contradicts her and denies that it has anything to do with bringing down waiting lists.
Are they making it up as they go along?
The difference is that we now have a Westminster Government who want to work with the Welsh Government to deliver for the people of Wales.
For 14 long years the Welsh Government were in a position where the then UK Government were in conflict with them.
Now, we will work together, collaborate and ensure that we deliver across Wales.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister join me in praising our Labour police and crime commissioner for Cleveland, Matt Storey, who is working with me to tackle knife crime, drug crime and antisocial behaviour in Stockton North, and will he assure my constituents that under this Labour Government we will see more police officers in Stockton and Billingham?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s work with the new Labour police and crime commissioner.
It is sad to say that in Cleveland, the number of full-time equivalent police officers fell by over 12% under the last Government; when you fail on the economy and growth,  those are the types of things that happen across the country.
As part of our neighbourhood policing guarantee, we will put 13,000 more neighbourhood police and police community support officers back on our streets and ensure that every community has a named local officer.
Through our safer streets mission, we will tackle illegal drugs, halve knife crime and crack down on antisocial behaviour, and go after the gangs that lure young people into violence.
As evidenced by some earlier questions, issues surrounding SEND, local government finance and adult social care affect all of our constituents.