Let us just  be honest about what this Government inherited.
That £20 billion black hole affects every single Department across Government.
My Department inherited a situation where the previous Government—including the former Chancellor,  the right hon.
Member for Godalming and Ash (Jeremy Hunt) , who is sitting on the Opposition Front Bench—committed at this Dispatch Box to an exascale project to which not one single penny had been committed.
That was a fraud committed on the scientific community of our country by that Government, and I had to make the difficult decision to move forward—
Order.
I think we have gone on long enough on that question.
What steps he is taking to roll out Project Gigabit in the Chester South and Eddisbury constituency.
As part of Project Gigabit, Freedom Fibre is delivering a contract to provide 15,000 homes and businesses across Cheshire, including in the hon.
Lady’s constituency, with access to fast, reliable broadband.
In addition, over 800 vouchers have been issued to connect premises in her constituency through the gigabit broadband voucher scheme.
Close to half the wards in my constituency are judged by Ofcom to be in the worst 30% of all areas in the UK when it comes to having a decent broadband connection.
My constituents will be deeply concerned by reports that the current review of the next stage of Project Gigabit could see funds diverted from hard-to-reach rural areas to major cities such as central London.
Will the Minister offer a concrete guarantee that no rural community will be left behind by the Government’s review?
I do not see it as a divide between rural and urban, because there are urban issues as well as rural issues.
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right that the previous Government failed to deliver in her constituency, and we intend to put that right.
She should not believe everything she reads in the newspapers.
I know that she was trying to have a meeting with Building Digital UK, and I am happy to make sure that we can both sit down with officials to try to sort out these problems in her constituency—and I am happy to do the same for any other Members.
The Minister knows that improved connectivity is important to the economy of our south Wales valleys.
However, it has been hard for me to get definitive information on the roll-out of Project Gigabit to Trefil, just north of Tredegar, in my constituency.
Will he please look into   this so that my constituents in Trefil, and across the rest of Blaenau Gwent and Rhymney, know when their broadband service will improve?
I am happy to arrange the same kind of meeting with my hon.
Friend as I offered to  the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury (Aphra Brandreth) .
He is right that there are very significant problems in south Wales valleys communities, and we need to put those right.
It is a shame that we have not had a digital inclusion strategy for 10 whole years, which is a disgrace.
That is one of the things we need to put right.
What steps he is taking to help support the UK space sector.
We have already debated some of these issues, as the right hon.
Gentleman knows, and he is right to stress that the UK space sector is one of our most important areas of possible economic growth.
We want to maximise our unique potential in this area, and I look forward to working with him and the companies based in his constituency that are seeking to do this.
I thank the Minister, as this sector offers massive economic and strategic opportunities for the United Kingdom.
The development of the Shetland spaceport at SaxaVord is now significantly ahead of the field, so getting that project across the line will bring benefits to other projects across the United Kingdom.