That is shocking on any analysis, and we will put it right; we will take the necessary steps, and we will work across the House to do so as quickly as possible.
Last night in this House, we took the first steps in abolishing the hereditary principle of privilege in the other place.
I was hosting the Let’s End Poverty coalition at a meeting upstairs, where we heard that for many, the experience of poverty feels hereditary too.
Will the Prime Minister meet with me and those with lived experience of poverty to find ways in which we can hear from those with that lived experience and break the cycle of poverty?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
The Conservative party wants to get rid of maternity pay, but keep hereditary peers.
It is the same old Tories.
This is an important issue that she has raised.
The letters are honest, powerful and important, and I think they hold up a mirror to our country.
We will deliver a Budget that drives economic growth, improves the lives of working people, fixes our public services and rebuilds our country with a decade of national renewal.
I call Ann Davies.
Diolch, Llefarydd.
My constituent Janette Crawford suffers from ME and chronic pain.
The cold, damp conditions of a Welsh winter are going to mean a lot more muscle soreness and fatigue for her.
She has lost her winter fuel payments due to having a very small savings pot.
With 86% of pensioners in poverty, or just above that line, to miss out in Wales, will the Prime Minister establish a social energy tariff to help people like Janette?
On this issue of winter fuel payments, we have inherited a £22 billion black  hole. [
Interruption.]
Conservative Members should be apologising, not groaning, for leaving the country in such a state.
We are committed to the triple lock.
The point about pensions is really important, and the triple lock means that the pension will increase again by £460 next year.
That means pensioners under Labour will be better off, because we are going to stabilise the economy after that lot lost control of it.
In Britain, the biggest killer of men under 50 is suicide.
We have some of the worst paternity leave in Europe, and boys are 50% less likely than girls to pursue higher education.
I know that my right hon.
and learned Friend takes this very seriously, and his commitment on reducing suicide rates is very welcome.
Can the Prime Minister update the House on this work, and does he agree with me that it is vital that we tackle these issues head on because of the increasing alienation and mental health issues among young men?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this vital issue.
The statistics on male suicide are truly shocking.
I went to an event a few years ago here in this place, where everyone in attendance was asked if they had lost someone to suicide, and I then reflected on my own experience, which was profound—as it was, I could see, for everybody across the room, and will be across this House—so reducing deaths from suicide is a vital part of our health mission.
We are recruiting an additional 8,500 mental health workers specially trained to support people at risk of suicide to provide faster treatment and ease pressure on our services.
Group Captain Lizzy Nicholl had an exemplary career with the RAF until she was forced to resign for refusing to implement illegal recruitment orders.
Despite inquiry after inquiry vindicating Lizzy on every count, the RAF and MOD have failed to offer her fair compensation, and those responsible have walked away.
Shamefully, during the election purdah period, in what I believe was an attempt to subvert ministerial oversight, she was offered a derisory £2,000 by officials.