For the moment, therefore, it is not possible.
On the potential writing off of overpayments, which was at the heart of many of the excellent contributions that we heard, an overpayment can occur through fraud,  or through claimant or official error.
The Secretary of State has an obligation to protect public funds and ensure that, wherever possible, overpayments are recovered, but determining what best we can do to support those who have accrued overpayments is within the scope of the independent review, as is how such overpayments occurred and what we can do to ensure that we take all the steps we can to reduce the risk of such incidents happening again.
Let me turn briefly to the comments of the shadow Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for Central Devon (Mel Stride) .
He listed the many interventions that the last Government supposedly made to improve the lot of carers—seemingly including the private Member’s Bill of the hon.
Member for North East Fife—but after 14 years of Conservative government, we see carers who find themselves in heartbreaking situations having racked up huge overpayments.
However, the right hon.
Gentleman correctly set out the incredibly complex nature of the carer’s allowance system, with allowances for legitimate expenses, pension contributions and so on, and why resolving this matter is therefore not straightforward.
That is why the independent review is the correct mechanism and next step to fully understand what went wrong and why, and how we can put things right.
I welcome his support for the review.
Many colleagues referred to the role that family carers play in easing pressure on the social care system, and indeed in supporting our economy, and they were entirely right to do so.
I acknowledge everything that carers do.
They are heroes.
We appreciate how much society relies on unpaid carers, we recognise the challenges they face and we understand the need for change.
Supporting carers is both a moral and an economic imperative, so we will help carers stay in paid work, we are spending record amounts on carer’s allowance and we will sort out the overpayments scandal we inherited.
That is why we have announced the independent review today: so that, together, we can rebuild the trust that has been lost and ensure that those who offer comfort, dignity and support to the ones they love are given all the help they need in return.
I hope right hon.
and hon.
Members will acknowledge that work today by supporting the Government amendment.
Question put ( Standing Order No.
31(2) ), That the original words stand part of the Question.
I am honoured to make my maiden address during this debate on carer’s allowance.
We all know people who are working tirelessly to care for loved ones.
Indeed, making life better for those who sacrifice so much was one of the main reasons I made the decision to run for election to this place.
In Weston-super-Mare, it has been a privilege to get to know some of our residents who care tirelessly for loved ones in the most challenging circumstances.
I pay tribute to carers in my constituency and specifically to Pat O’Connell, Jan Quan and everybody at the Parkinson’s UK Weston-super-Mare branch for being so fearless in fighting for appropriate care services for their loved ones.
I am in awe of their love, compassion and conviction to secure better care and respite services not just for themselves, but for everyone.
It is a real tragedy that the care system was not able to provide them with suitable respite from the 24/7 care they provide.
I continue to fight their corner and that of all carers across the constituency.
Weston-super-Mare is an extraordinary place, full of a vibrant mix of people.
Since my family moved to the village of Kewstoke in 2001, Weston and the surrounding areas have become deeply intertwined with our lives.