We want to maximise our unique potential in this area, and I look forward to working with him and the companies based in his constituency that are seeking to do this.
I thank the Minister, as this sector offers massive economic and strategic opportunities for the United Kingdom.
The development of the Shetland spaceport at SaxaVord is now significantly ahead of the field, so getting that project across the line will bring benefits to other projects across the United Kingdom.
Will the Minister meet me and the developers of SaxaVord in Shetland to discuss what the Government can do, directly or indirectly, to help?
It feels like I will be meeting everyone, but I am very happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman.
Indeed, I am meeting Orbex later today, because an important point is that we have a specific geographical and skills advantage in the launch sector, which we need to exploit to our best advantage for the whole UK economy.
It is not just about what happens on Shetland; it is about lots of businesses in the supply chain, from mission control to technological support.
Yes, I am very happy to meet him.
What steps he is taking to protect children using the Roblox platform from online predators.
Keeping children safe online is the priority for this Government.
The Online Safety Act 2023 places strict safety duties on online platforms, such as Roblox, to protect children from being groomed by online predators.
Ofcom is the regime’s regulator and, by the end of this year, it will set out steps for the platforms to take to fulfil their duties.
One of my constituents is a volunteer moderator on the Roblox platform.
His group has identified and banned over 14,000 accounts involved in  child grooming, exploitation and sharing indecent images.
Does the Secretary of State agree that while we drive for tech innovation and investment, we must keep online safety at the heart of our strategy?
I extend my deepest sympathies to those who have been affected by the crimes that my hon.
Friend outlines.
The Online Safety Act—and its measures that will soon come into force—is there to address that concern directly.
I want these powers to be used as assertively as possible.
Just today, I have heard about another story concerning Roblox.
I expect that company to do better in protecting service users, particularly children, on its platform.
I call Ayoub Khan—not here.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
At the international investment summit on Monday, some of the world’s biggest science and tech firms committed to investing billions of pounds in Britain, growing our economy and creating new jobs across our country.
In Rome last week, I launched the UK’s first online safety agreement with the United States.
By working with our closest partner, home to the world’s biggest tech companies, we will create a safer online world for our children.
Finally, on behalf of the whole House, I congratulate Sir Demis Hassabis and Geoffrey Hinton on the Nobel prizes they won last week.
Their extraordinary achievements are testament to the phenomenal level of AI talent fostered in Britain today.
There are numerous examples of the damage that out of control social media and mobile phone usage is doing to our young people, including in my area of Fife.
The Courier newspaper has played an important role in highlighting this.
Does the Secretary of State recognise the concerns that the safer phones Bill—the Protection of Children (Digital Safety and Data Protection) Bill—presented today by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  and backed by many hon.
Members across the House, seeks to address?
I pay tribute to The Courier for exposing some of these issues.
We must keep children and vulnerable people safe when they are online.
I intend to ensure that safety is baked in from the outset.