Those include their MPs, as we have seen today, but also organisations such as Carers UK, the Carers Trust and the Learning and Work Institute, to name but three.
The Minister for Social Security and Disability, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for East Ham (Sir Stephen Timms) , and I have already met a delegation of carers and Carers UK, and he will be doing so again shortly.
He will also meet separately with the Carers Trust and the Learning and Work Institute, because we are determined to ensure that the voices of family carers and the organisations supporting them are at the heart of everything we do.
I also want to pay tribute to the hundreds of DWP staff, largely based in the north-west, who provide financial support to a million family carers through carer’s allowance, day in, day out.
The Government will spend record amounts to support unpaid carers.
Real-terms expenditure on carer’s allowance is forecast to rise from £4.2 billion in 2024-25 to just over £4.7 billion a year by 2028-29.
I turn to some of the other points raised during the debate, with apologies that time will permit me to address only some of them.
Let me take the opportunity to congratulate and pay tribute to my hon.
Friends the Members for Clwyd North (Gill German) and for Weston-super-Mare (Dan Aldridge) and  the hon.
Member for Torbay (Steve Darling)  on their excellent maiden speeches.
They painted vivid pictures of their constituencies and I feel certain that they will go on to make significant contributions in this place.
On the wider points, I will begin with the question of the adequacy of carer’s allowance, set as it is at £151 per week.
Carer’s allowance will be increased in April 2025 by the consumer prices index to help ensure that it maintains its value.
As well as carer’s allowance, carers in low-income households can claim income-related benefits such as universal credit and pension credit.
Those can be paid to carers at a higher rate than to those without caring responsibilities through the carer element and the additional amount for carers respectively.
For example, over 750,000 carer households on universal credit can already receive an additional £2,400 a year through the carer element.
That said, the House should be aware that issues beyond the scope of the independent review announced today are not being ignored; this is merely a first step towards progress.
The Government are also looking at the broader question of how to provide the best possible support for family carers, although I do not want to pre-empt that work today.
Let me turn to the question of a taper, which was raised by a number of right hon.
and hon.
Members.
At the moment, introducing a taper in carer’s allowance would significantly complicate the benefit, with awards having to be adjusted manually on a weekly basis for some of those declaring earnings.
That would add to administrative costs and could mean more fraud and error.
Those also receiving universal credit would need to have that adjusted if their payment of carer’s allowance changed because of an earnings taper rate.
A taper could be introduced only following significant changes to the IT system that supports payment of carer’s allowance.
For the moment, therefore, it is not possible.
On the potential writing off of overpayments, which was at the heart of many of the excellent contributions that we heard, an overpayment can occur through fraud,  or through claimant or official error.
The Secretary of State has an obligation to protect public funds and ensure that, wherever possible, overpayments are recovered, but determining what best we can do to support those who have accrued overpayments is within the scope of the independent review, as is how such overpayments occurred and what we can do to ensure that we take all the steps we can to reduce the risk of such incidents happening again.