As the shadow Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Halifax (Holly Lynch) , rightly stated, the Government’s update acknowledges that when it comes to AI,
“terrorists are likely to exploit the technology to create and amplify radicalising content, propaganda and instructional materials, and to plan and commit attacks.”
However, there are no concrete plans in the update to address those growing risks.
Beyond pointing to the Government’s own Online Safety Bill, which has been delayed yet again and watered down, and other than the rhetoric we have heard today from the Secretary of State, what are the Government actually doing?
What concrete plans are in place to tackle this growing problem, because we have seen little to no action thus far?
The hon.
Lady obviously has not read the document.
If she had, she would see our actions, our achievements and what our plans are.
First—I will save her the trouble of reading the document—we are realising the full potential of our newly established, world-leading counter-terrorism operations centre.
I do not think she has visited, but I recommend she tries to, because it is an incredibly impressive, world-leading operational centre established recently that brings together the right teams, data and technology to more effectively identify, interrupt and disrupt terrorists.
We are also ensuring a broader range of expertise from non-law enforcement interventions to mitigate the evolving terrorist threat.
We are maintaining our investment in the critical threat assessment capabilities through the world-class joint terrorism analysis centre.
I could go on, but in the interests of time, she would probably do better to read the document first.
The new Contest counter-terrorism strategy mentions that incel threats
“could meet the threshold of terrorist intent or action”.
The person behind the shooting in Plymouth in 2021, where we lost five people, could have had their actions informed by incel culture and violent misogyny.
Incel violence currently largely falls out of the scope of all the Prevent strategy tactics.
Does the Home Secretary agree that it is now time to develop a cross-Government incel strategy, so that we can not only prevent people from going down that path towards violent misogyny, but help rescue those who are doing so?
That would provide a greater level of community safety for women and our entire community, and we would never again see the violence we saw in Plymouth repeated on our streets.
The hon.
Gentleman is an incredibly powerful advocate for his constituents.
Let me put on record my thoughts and prayers for the loved ones of all of those who were tragically lost or affected.
Incel culture is not strictly within the Contest apparatus, but it does need work.
I readily accept that it is a violent trend and a radicalising influence that is promoting a culture that is totally at odds with the free, safe and democratic society that we all love and want to cherish.
I am happy to speak to him about what further steps we can take as a Government.
In March, the security threat level in Northern Ireland was increased from substantial to severe in the aftermath of the attempted  murder of DCI John Caldwell.
Since 2016, the additional security funding that the Government provide to the Police Service of Northern Ireland has been flatlining in cash terms at £32 million a year.
Will the Home Secretary undertake to review that level of funding to ensure that the PSNI and the Security Service have the tools to continue their good work in combating both dissident republican and loyalist terrorism?
Northern Ireland-related terrorism remains a serious threat, particularly in Northern Ireland.
The Contest strategy does not address the threat from Northern Ireland in Northern Ireland; that is managed by a separate strategic approach led by the Northern Ireland Office.
At the Home Office, our Contest approach covers the threat from Northern Ireland-related terrorism in mainland Great Britain.