More can and must be done, which is why the Government are reviewing the support available to better address victims’ needs.
We are absolutely committed to ensuring that victims of terrorism get the full compensation to which they are entitled, in line with schemes administered by the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority.
Those schemes deliver for victims of terrorism.
The truth is that no amount of compensation can ever make up for the ordeal suffered by victims of terror.
That is why it is right that survivors get all the support they need, in whatever form it may be required, through the publicly funded CICA, which paid out more than £158 million to victims of violent crime last year alone.
I welcome the update of the strategy.
It would be helpful if the Home Secretary told us whether it will get the big tech companies to do more to prevent terrorists from exploiting their platforms—an issue highlighted in the Intelligence and Security Committee report, “Extreme Right-Wing Terrorism”.
The technological aspect of terrorism is very real.
Our enemies are using more and more sophisticated tools against us for hostile purposes.
That is plain from an intelligence point of view.
That is why Contest makes a deliberate point of addressing the technological features of this kind of work.
A huge amount of investment and operational capability has been put into mitigating and dealing with that threat, most notably in the form of the counter-terrorism operations centre—a new collaboration centre that I had the honour of visiting recently.
I call the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.
A few weeks ago I met Travis Frain, a founder member of Survivors Against Terror, who explained how his life had been changed forever by the Westminster bridge terrorist attack and how he did not get the support he needed in the aftermath.
This week, a survey of 130 survivors of 11 major terrorist incidents found that more than two thirds felt that the compensation scheme overseen by the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority was unfair and unreasonable.
The Home Secretary talked about a review.
It is unacceptable that these people are in that position at the moment.
When will the review actually be published?
As I mentioned, there are no words and there is no amount of money that can adequately reflect the pain and suffering experienced by victims of terrorism.
That is why it is absolutely right that we provide victims of terrorism with full compensation and the fullest support possible and available to enable them to move forward from these tragic events.
As I said, we know that more must be done.
That is why we are reviewing the support available.
We need to better address victims’ needs through the current schemes and ensure that they are properly meeting the needs of victims.
There are people in Ukraine who found their territory illegally occupied and annexed by Russia, their children disappeared into Russian custody and their land settled by ethnic Russians.
Under international law, we recognise the right of victims of the criminal actions of the Russian state to resist.
How can we ensure that we do not end up characterising the legal actions by the victims in that conflict, and in other analogous conflicts around the world, as terrorism?
I am very proud of the UK’s track record of supporting Ukraine and the Ukrainians both in Ukraine and abroad through the devastating illegal conflict that Russia and Putin have waged upon them.
It is right that we provide military support, it is right that we rolled out an extensive set of sanctions against Russia, and it is right that we continue our international and diplomatic support for Ukrainians.
I add my comments to those of the Home Secretary on our security services and thank them for the work that they do.