Friend’s interest in this area, and she is absolutely right to say that we have enormous opportunity in our space sector, across a range of aspects.
I know that the Minister for Science, Research and Innovation, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Norfolk (George Freeman) , would like to discuss her constituency interest further with her.
I can also assure the House that there will be further updates coming soon on the UK Government’s space strategy.
I call the shadow Minister.
In Vilnius, the Prime Minister had the chance to conclude a deal allowing our scientists to participate in the world’s biggest international science programme, driving innovation and sustainable growth.
He did not take it, again, so the Horizon saga drags on, month after month, year after year.
Are we in or are we out?
The Science Minister is not in the negotiations, and the chief scientist is not in the negotiations.
It is all about the Prime Minister.
Does the Secretary of State understand that while the Prime Minister is dithering, our science base is withering?
Today is quite possibly my last opportunity at the Dispatch Box.
I first served from these Government Benches in May 2010, and  the hon.
Member for Newcastle upon Tyne Central (Chi Onwurah)  first shadowed me 10 years ago.
I know that she has a very fine mind and is a dedicated public servant.
However, on this she is wrong.
Labour Front Benchers may not know from one day to the next what their policy is, but we have been consistent on this point and we are working hard to get the correct deal for UK taxpayers and UK science.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Since I last updated the House, my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Data and Digital Infrastructure has announced £380 million of funding to bring the fastest internet speeds to some of our most rural communities.
The Government’s Office for Life Sciences has agreed a landmark deal with BioNTech that will see up to 10,000 cancer patients benefit from potentially life-saving treatment.
Today, my Department has launched a call for evidence on engineering biology.
What action are the Government taking to deliver regulatory reform and business investment in the biosciences sector, so that it can play its part in boosting economic growth and delivering great job opportunities for people across the country?
I welcome my right hon.
Friend’s expertise in this area, and I thank the team that works with me on this subject, including my hon.
Friend the Minister for Science, Research and Innovation, who has been central in leading how we will reform our regulatory landscape on life sciences.
I point my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chipping Barnet (Theresa Villiers)  to the Chancellor’s announcements, both at the Budget and still to come, on how we will continue to support our life sciences and biosciences sectors, which are essential to the UK economy.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I thank the Secretary of State for her time covering this role, notwithstanding her answer to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newcastle upon Tyne Central (Chi Onwurah) , who asked a very important question.
Today’s inflation figures confirm that prices continue to rise.
Broadband customers are dealing with inflation-busting price hikes, as a direct result of the Government’s choices.
They lifted the cap on wholesale costs, which has caused retail prices to rise.
Will the Secretary of State apologise to hard-pressed families and tackle the cost of living crisis for broadband customers?
We recognise that households are having a very difficult time due to the cost of living, which is why my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor has met the regulators to press them to do more to help.
We have agreement that social tariffs are now available to all those in receipt of universal credit and other benefits.