As today’s report makes clear, in that period many endured the most horrific sexual abuse and violence, homophobic bullying and harassment, all while bravely serving this country.
Today, on behalf of the British state, I apologise, and I hope that all those affected will be able to feel proud parts of the veteran community, which has done so much to keep our country safe.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
May I associate myself with the remarks the Prime Minister just made?
In the UK, sadly, every 90 minutes someone takes their own life.
Indeed, for men under the age of 50 and for women under the age of 35, this is now the biggest killer.
When I was the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, I met many brave families and campaigners, and I committed to them that the Government would publish a comprehensive, cross-departmental suicide prevention strategy.
That was more than a year ago and still there is no strategy.
I know that my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister cares as deeply about this issue as I do; we have discussed it many times.
Will he please commit his Government to publishing the strategy within days of Parliament’s return from the summer recess?
When someone takes their own life, the effect on their family and friends is devastating.
I know that the loss of my right hon.
Friend’s own brother was an enormous source of pain for him.
I want to reassure him that we are actively addressing suicide rates, through our national suicide prevention strategy, backed by funding, and, in particular, by rolling out 100 suicide prevention voluntary community and social enterprises.
I can tell him that we will publish the new updated national suicide prevention strategy later this year.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
Labour in government was proud to repeal the ban on LGBT+ people serving in our armed forces, and today we strongly welcome this apology from the Prime Minister as a recognition of their historic mistreatment.
My constituent Ken Wright was a proud RAF serviceman who was forced to leave the job he loved simply because he was gay.
I am delighted that he is here today to witness this apology.
Although we cannot right the wrongs of the past, the Government should now act on the recommendations of the Etherton review to fix the lives broken by the ban—it is what LGBT+ veterans deserve.
I also know that the whole House will want to send our very best wishes to the Lionesses as they start their World cup campaign this Saturday.
Let us hope they continue the brilliant success they had in the Euros.
When the Prime Minister took office nine months ago, the NHS waiting list had 7.2 million people on it.
What is the number today?
The reason that NHS waiting lists are higher today than they were then, after actually being stable for the first few months as we put in place new initiatives, is very simple: because the NHS has been disrupted by industrial action.
We have put very clear plans in place to bring down waiting lists in urgent  and emergency care, primary care, ambulances, out-patient and elective.
Those plans were working and will continue to work, but we do need to end the industrial action.
So I would ask the right hon.
and learned Gentleman, if he does care about bringing the waiting lists down, does he agree with me that consultants and junior doctors should accept the pay deal that the Government offered?
Mr Speaker—[Interruption.]
Order.
The Prime Minister likes to get away early, but the longer Members stop me getting on with the questions, the longer I am going to keep him here, so it is up to them.