I think it far more important to speak directly to researchers, businesses and taxpayers about our commitment to getting the right deal than to engage in party politics here.
We in Bath have two fantastic universities, the University of Bath and Bath Spa University.
Their leaders continue to worry about losing talent from Europe, and the Government have worsened the position by proposing a 66% increase in visa fees.
Will the Secretary of State explain what that increase will mean for UK science, and how it accords with the Government’s stated ambition to bring the best and brightest to this country?
We continue to run a range of successful talent programmes that bring the best and the brightest to universities and indeed to those in the hon.
Lady’s constituency.
I welcome her representing them here today.
The point is that we have to get the right deal on Horizon, as I have laid out, and we also have to strike a balance with the needs of policy across Government.
That is what she has heard from me and other Ministers at this Dispatch Box, and that is how we will ensure that we get the right deal for Britain, both in terms of talent and of science programmes.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is very much in Europe’s interests for us to be part of the Horizon programme, because we have some of the strongest academic institutions in Europe, and in a way it undermines the science base of Europe if we are not in there?
Does she also recognise that, although there was great enthusiasm at the recent meeting of the UK-EU Parliamentary Partnership Assembly for us to join again, there was also a feeling that it could surely be done a little more quickly?
I welcome my right hon.
and learned Friend’s insight into this issue.
As I have already said, we are working consistently and steadily to get the right deal for UK science, by which we mean British researchers as well as taxpayers and businesses.
That is what we are doing; the talks are proceeding and I look forward to the House being able to have an update very soon.
I would like to put on record my respect for the Secretary of State and her excellent stewardship of her portfolio.
I would like us to join Horizon Europe, but is it not right that we should get the right deal for our UK scientists, our UK businesses and our UK taxpayers, and that any commentary before a deal is done will only undermine our science industry and not be helpful in the slightest?
That is exactly right, and it is right for two reasons.
The first is that billions of pounds of taxpayers’ money are at stake and we need to be responsible stewards of that money.
That is why we are focused on getting the right deal.
The second point is that my Department exists to forward and further the frontier of science in this country and to make sure that we stay a science and technology superpower. [
Interruption.]
Order.
We are in the middle of answers to a question.
I call Vicky Ford.
Teledyne e2v is the world leader in space imaging.
It provides the eyes to NASA, the European space programme and Copernicus.
Can my great and right hon.
Friend make sure that our conversations about Horizon also include Copernicus?
Otherwise, the EU is going to be building Earth observation satellites that cannot see the Earth.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend’s interest in this area, and she is absolutely right to say that we have enormous opportunity in our space sector, across a range of aspects.
I know that the Minister for Science, Research and Innovation, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Norfolk (George Freeman) , would like to discuss her constituency interest further with her.