I am not going to take any lectures from her on this topic, because our track record is a good one.
We have decarbonised faster than everyone else and right now we are making the right long-term decisions to make sure that we not only transition to net zero, but do so in a way that brings people along with us and creates jobs in the process.
Bedfordshire businesses now have apprentices on the factory floor, earning £48,000 a year on qualification, easily beating cost of living pressures.
What more can we do to get schools to promote apprenticeships to pupils and parents, as our colleges and institutes of technology are great poverty-busting institutions?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
One of the practical steps we are taking is to put all apprenticeships on to the UCAS system this autumn, which will make sure that they have parity of esteem in the classroom and increased information for parents and teachers.
At the same time, as I announced earlier this week, we are clamping down on university courses that fail to deliver good outcomes.
What we should be doing is providing young people with the best opportunities for them to get on in life, and he is absolutely right that that should include apprenticeships.
Why does the Prime Minister think that Sir Brian Langstaff, who chairs the public inquiry into infected blood, has reopened the hearings and summoned before him the Prime Minister, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Leader of the House and the Paymaster General to answer questions next week?
My thoughts remain with all those affected by this appalling tragedy.
The infected blood scandal should never have happened, and that is why the public inquiry was set up by one of my predecessors.
I have submitted written evidence to the inquiry and am due to give oral evidence shortly, so it would be inappropriate for me to comment further at this time.
Some 800,000 people work indirectly or directly in our car industry, which accounts for 10% of our country’s  exports.
I strongly welcome the £4 billion investment by Tata Motors in a battery factory, and the jobs associated with it.
Will my right hon.
Friend build on that success and pursue a clear plan to get more gigafactories, including in the west midlands, so that we can capitalise on our lead in battery innovation and technology?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the importance of today’s announcement.
It is one of the largest-ever investments in the UK auto industry in this country’s history, with billions of pounds and thousands of jobs, and it is a massive vote of confidence in the UK economy.
The NHS in England has just had its longest-ever junior doctors’ strike and consultants go on strike tomorrow for the first time in 50 years, yet so far Scotland has had no NHS strikes.
That is not by chance; it is because our Health Secretary and First Minister have kept working with the British Medical Association to try to address the pay erosion faced by doctors since 2008.
Workforce shortages are the biggest challenge facing healthcare, and the Prime Minister just mentioned the importance of staff retention.
Does he really think that refusing even to talk to health unions will stop doctors leaving the NHS?
We did talk to health unions, but we also respected the independent pay review body process, which is the right way to resolve these issues and means that a typical junior doctor will see a 9% pay rise as a result of this deal.
Since the hon.
Lady mentioned retention, earlier this year the Government delivered the BMA’s No.
1 ask, which was to remove the cap on pensions tax.
That was specifically designed to retain senior doctors in the NHS.
The Government have now done our bit, and I urge the unions, “Please get back to the hospitals and treat your patients.”