Our plans mean that we will put 800 more ambulances on the road, and there will be 5,000 more beds, faster discharges and more community care.
That is why the Royal College of Emergency Medicine described it as “significant” and said that it “would undoubtedly improve conditions”.
That is why we have seen A&E waiting times in England the best in two years, while—the Opposition will not like this—the NHS has the worst waiting times in the country in Wales.
When the Prime Minister said that the workforce plan was fully costed, I have never seen the Chancellor look more bewildered.
It is less than a year since his party crashed the economy with its unfunded spending commitments, and he has not learned a thing.
Let me ask this another way: is his uncosted spending coming from more tax rises, more cuts, or is it just the latest promise to fall from the Tories’ magic money tree?
As I and the Chancellor set out, the plan is fully funded—the right hon.
and learned Gentleman will see that at the autumn statement.
I am pleased that he is now interested in fiscal responsibility, because that is very welcome.
There is an opportunity for us to make sure that this is true conviction.
We have just had, in the past week, the recommendations of independent pay review bodies, including for the NHS.
I believed that the right thing to do was to accept those independent recommendations, but that involves taking difficult and responsible decisions to deliver those pay rises without fuelling borrowing, inflation, taxes and debt.
But, yet again, on this crucial issue, while his MPs are back on the picket lines, he simply refuses to take a position.
It is the same old story.
He should stop taking inspiration from his friends outside and unglue himself from the fence. [
Hon.
Members: “More!”]
You want some more?
Who wants to lead the exit?
In that burst of nonsense, what we did not hear was a single word about how the Prime Minister will pay for it.
Labour’s NHS workforce plan is fully funded by scrapping the non-dom status that he so adores.
You know the one, Mr Speaker—[Interruption.]
Order.
I think that one or two of you have asked to catch my eye.
You are not going about it in the right way.
Labour’s workforce plan is fully funded by scrapping the non-dom status that the Prime Minister so adores.
You know the one, Mr Speaker: the “non-dom tax thing”, as he calls it, that allows some of the  wealthiest people in the country to avoid paying tax here.
Is that loophole so important to him that he would rather have billions in unfunded promises than simply make billionaires pay what they owe?
That is the same policy that has paid, I think, for five different things at this point.
Everybody knows that I am a fan of doing maths to 18, but the right hon.
and learned Gentleman makes a very strong case for doing maths all the way to 61.
When it comes to the substance of the plan, it is important that we address this.
I am aware—I will say this—that he did set out some proposals to train more staff.
The problem is that that is all he did.
Our plan is much more comprehensive and much more impactful.
Not only will we train more staff—[Interruption.]
This is important substance.
I acknowledge that the Labour party did set out some plans to train more, but that is not enough.
You also have to set out plans to retain more NHS staff, as we did, and, crucially, you also have to set out plans for how you reform the NHS, so that you can have a more productive NHS.
That is the difference between us: he is only ever focused on the superficial headline, while we are getting on with the actual reform.