What exactly is the Secretary of State doing right now to prevent and, ultimately, protect people from those voice scams and deepfakes?
The shadow Minister raises a good point, which we should all examine.
We have the correct answers, through the approach we have set out in our White Paper using our world-class regulators, the approach we are working on in this House and the other place on the Online Safety Bill, and existing crimes and offences.
Right now, my officials are working with Ofcom to ensure it is ready for the duties that will come to it  through the Online Safety Bill, and that it has the tools to ensure that scams, fraud and other offences are properly addressed.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
The Secretary of State said that my colleagues had made thoughtful points about human rights concerns, control of personal data and public trust, but we need actual action and commitment from the Government.
In contrast, the EU is moving to become the first regulator in the world to legislate for a specific AI Act, to ensure that AI works for people as well as business and Government.
Will she finally commit to the UK following suit and legislating for AI, to ensure that the UK does not become a haven for the worst possible applications of what should be beneficial technology?
The hon.
Gentleman is telling the wrong story.
The UK Government are acting comprehensively.
The framework we set out in our White Paper applies across the UK.
The work we are setting out with our global summit leads the way internationally.
That approach is proportionate and flexible, and has been welcomed by business across the UK.
In addition, the principles I have already named and the work of my colleagues across Government on human rights and other aspects ensure that our citizens can enjoy the safe and responsible use of this technology.
I look forward to working with anyone in this House who has a thoughtful approach to take to that.
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of UK Research and Innovation funding for decarbon-isation technologies.
We can all be proud that this country is leading the global charge on net zero.
As part of our historic uplift in R&D expenditure to £20 billion a year—£52 billion over the consolidated spending review period—UK Research and Innovation is investing in £800 million annually on research and innovation in net zero, and £210 million through the industrial decarbon-isation fund.
I am delighted that Scotland is in the vanguard, with more than 1,400 projects funded, in receipt of £1.3 billion.
The Faraday battery challenge investment of £540 million appears to be working, with the good news today of Tata’s multibillion investment in a £4 billion gigafactory.
I am delighted to hear the Minister acknowledge that Scotland is in the vanguard of research in this area.
The Industrial Decarbonisation Research and Innovation Centre at Heriot-Watt University in my constituency has become a focal point of collaboration and innovation for UK industrial clusters, but the excellent progress that it is making is at risk owing to a funding gap.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the vital work being done at Heriot-Watt University, and how the Government can support it better in its efforts to help them to reach their industrial decarbonisation targets?
Brevity, Mr Speaker: yes, with pleasure.
If she will take steps to improve rural connectivity in (a) Delyn constituency, (b) north Wales and (c) Wales.
Under Project Gigabit, we are launching procurements across Wales and the rest of the UK to deliver gigabit-capable broadband to rural and remote premises not included in suppliers’ commercial plans.
We are planning to launch a regional procurement for north Wales by the end of the year, which will include premises in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.