I will very happily look into the specific case that he raises.
It is not just the adoption of the disgusting two-child benefit cap; it is the endorsement of a hard Brexit, the tuition fees, the immigration.
Does the Prime Minister not agree that there is now no real difference between the two main UK parties?
Is it not time that we perhaps rearranged the furniture in this House, had them all on one big Bench and re-titled them the “This is what you get from the UK party”?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question, and I will leave him and the Labour party to debate the finer points of policy between them.
On the substance, because it is important, the track record demonstrates that we are making a difference and reducing child poverty.
There are now 400,000 fewer children in poverty than there were in 2010, as a result of the  actions of this Government—notably, by moving their parents into work, because that has the single best benefit for those children.
That is the right policy and it is one that we will continue to deliver.
Conversion therapy is quackery packaged up by bigots seeking to promote their hate and to profit from it.
On  19 January , a Minister promised at the Dispatch Box to bring forward a ban against conversion therapy and ensure that pre-legislative scrutiny was completed before the end of this parliamentary term.
How does my right hon.
Friend plan to continue that?
May I also welcome his statement today and thank those LGBT veterans who are with us?
We are so grateful for their service and we seek this ban also in their name.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
I agree with her that conversion therapy is an abhorrent practice, and we need to do everything we can to stamp it out wherever we see it.
The Minister for Women and Equalities, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Saffron Walden (Kemi Badenoch) , will continue to keep my hon.
Friend and the House updated on her progress.
Does the Prime Minister remember seven years ago, when he was a passionate supporter of leaving the European Union, along with his then best friend, Boris Johnson?
Is he aware that Sir John Major now says, in every speech he makes, that that decision was catastrophic for the people of this country and living standards, as well as deeply damaging to our role, status and influence in the world?
I would say gently to the hon.
Gentleman that he made the central point at the beginning of his question: it was seven years ago, and we need to move forward.
He talked about what has happened since then.
Since we left the single market, this economy has grown faster than Germany, France and Italy.
He also talked about our standing on the world stage.
He obviously was not here for the statement on the NATO summit last week, but nobody can be in any doubt that the United Kingdom is highly respected on the world stage.
Just last week the Leader of the Opposition announced his new flagship policy—the two-child benefit cap.
It is very popular on this side of the House, but it is not so popular on the other side.
Can the Prime Minister tell the House when the Leader of the Opposition will jump off the bandwagon, be honest with the British public and tell them what he stands for?
My hon.
Friend is right.
I welcome the Leader of the Opposition now supporting the Government’s policy, but I do not think anyone actually believes that he believes in what he says.
That is the—
Order.
The Prime Minister need not worry, because he has no responsibility for the Opposition.
Every single Member of the House is required by law to confirm the true source of a donation before it is accepted or declared.