That is why rigour and robustness in our borders is essential for national security.
In the Government’s response to the Intelligence and Security Committee’s “Extreme Right-Wing Terrorism” report—I thank the Home Secretary for referring to the scale of that threat earlier in her remarks—they said that
“our counter-terrorism strategy, CONTEST, remains threat agnostic so that rather than targeting specific ideologies, our tools, powers and overall CT approach can adapt to changing threats while also ensuring our approach is still able to identify and assess what are inherently ideological threats.”
Can I simply ask her to confirm that nothing she has said today and nothing that has been published changes the underlying philosophical basis of how the Contest strategy operates?
As the Contest strategy refresh makes clear, a broad range of ideologies and narratives draw people into supporting terrorism.
That includes, as I have said, Islamist terrorism, which is by far the largest proportion of MI5’s case load, but there is also an increasing threat from extreme right-wing terrorism that we must confront, eliminate and do everything in our power to stop.
Wherever it comes from, and however people are radicalised into extremist and violent behaviour, it is unacceptable, and we take a robust approach, ultimately, to keeping the British people safe.
In June this year, the borders inspectorate said that not every arrival into the UK at Manston was having security checks done as part of their interview or having their property checked.
Can the Home Secretary guarantee now that every arrival is being fully checked, and if not, why not?
Having visited the reception centres at Western Jet Foil and Manston, and having been working closely on ensuring that the right facilities, resources and mechanisms are in place to ensure that those who arrive illegally are appropriately accommodated, I can say that we ensure that those who arrive are checked.
They go through biometric checks and any other appropriate checks, and then they are put through our processing centres, generally at Manston.
They are then put on a track, effectively, to other onward accommodation if they have an asylum claim.
That is the general scheme that we have been carrying out for some time.
The UK police and security services used to conduct more than 600 million real-time security checks on a shared EU platform before we lost access after Brexit.
At the time, the Government informed us that we would have access to a shared platform within two or three years.
Now, the permanent secretary has advised that we will not have access to a shared dataset until 2027 or 2028.
Can the Home Secretary confirm just how much of a damaging effect the loss of this vital intelligence and security mechanism is having on our ability to tackle terrorism and cross-border crime?
I know the hon.
Gentleman is on his Brexit bandwagon, or whatever it is, but the reality is that from a security point of view, we have never had stronger collaboration with international partners than today.
We have continued to develop our global reach and insight through sustained working with allies.
That is particularly with the Five Eyes, where we share an enormous amount of common approach and strategic development, but also with European partners.
I have met many of my European counterparts, and we share the common goal of national security.
In many instances, the UK is seen among European allies as a leader and a nation valued for its contribution to pan-European national security.
As the shadow Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Halifax (Holly Lynch) , rightly stated, the Government’s update acknowledges that when it comes to AI,
“terrorists are likely to exploit the technology to create and amplify radicalising content, propaganda and instructional materials, and to plan and commit attacks.”
However, there are no concrete plans in the update to address those growing risks.