Mr Speaker—[Interruption.]
Order.
The Prime Minister likes to get away early, but the longer Members stop me getting on with the questions, the longer I am going to keep him here, so it is up to them.
I am sure the whole House is pleased that the Prime Minister has graced us with his presence today, but we do not get any more answers when he is here than when he is not.
He knows the answer: 7-point million people are currently on the waiting lists.
That is the highest it has ever been.
It means that since he set foot into Downing Street, 260,000 people have been waiting in daily agony for things like hip and knee replacements, while he boasts.
Has he figured out why, after nine months, dozens of gimmicks and umpteen broken promises, his Government are failing more patients than ever before?
Mr Speaker, again, I do not think we heard an answer to the question, so— [Interruption.]
Order.
I also do not want Opposition Members holding up proceedings.
It is very simple.
If the right hon.
and learned Gentleman actually looked at what was happening, he would see that earlier this year our plans were beginning to work: ambulance waiting times down, from an hour and a half over Christmas to around half an hour; virtually eliminating the number of people waiting one and half years for treatment; making huge progress on GP access.
All those things—all those plans we put in place, all the funding, all the extra ambulances, the extra discharges—are starting to make a difference, but all are held up by one very simple fact: industrial action in the NHS.
Again, I will give him a second chance: if he really wants to get people the healthcare they want, will he agree with me that those doctors should accept the recommendations of the independent pay review body? [
Interruption.]
Order.
This would be a bad time to get thrown out—it is six weeks, so think long and hard.
I just say to the Prime Minister: this is Prime Minister’s questions, not Opposition questions.
Mr Speaker, I think that, given his time away, the Prime Minister has slightly forgotten how this works.
He talks about his NHS staffing plan, but he doesn’t need to lecture me—[Interruption.]
Order.
This might be the last Prime Minister’s questions before recess, but let me just say to somebody that if they really want to go early, it will be very tempting to ensure that happens, so they should think long and hard beforehand.
The Prime Minister talks about his plans, but he does not need to lecture me on that.
On the NHS staffing plan, he nicked it from Labour.
It is the same old story: they mess up the NHS and look to Labour to fix it.
Come the election, the country will be doing the same.
The difference is that, unlike us, he has not said how he would pay for his workforce plan.
Now is his chance.
Where is the money coming from?
Not only is the NHS long-term workforce plan fully funded, but it was welcomed by not one, not two, but 43 different NHS stakeholders.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about our plans and whether they are making a difference, so let us just look at urgent and emergency care.
Our plans mean that we will put 800 more ambulances on the road, and there will be 5,000 more beds, faster discharges and more community care.
That is why the Royal College of Emergency Medicine described it as “significant” and said that it “would undoubtedly improve conditions”.
That is why we have seen A&E waiting times in England the best in two years, while—the Opposition will not like this—the NHS has the worst waiting times in the country in Wales.