Those are all vital, as I know she will agree, and there is much work ahead  of us.
I call the Chair of the Science, Innovation and Technology Committee.
I congratulate the Secretary of State on her sure-footed discharge of her responsibilities over the past few weeks, which I think end today.
In the White Paper, there is a commitment that
“when parliamentary time allows…we will…strengthen and clarify regulators’ mandates by introducing a new duty requiring them to have due regard to the principles”
of the White Paper.
Given the blistering pace of AI deployment and the fact that the forthcoming King’s Speech will be the last opportunity until 2025, will the Government confirm that they will bring forward that legislation in the next Session?
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee for his kind words about me.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chippenham (Michelle Donelan)  will return later this week.
It has been a privilege to help her by conducting her maternity cover at the highest levels.
My right hon.
Friend the Chair of the Select Committee is correct that we set out that plan in our White Paper.
We said that we anticipate introducing a statutory duty on regulators
“requiring them to have due regard to the principles”,
which I mentioned in my previous answer.
He will also know that I cannot commit to the contents of the King’s Speech, but what I have already said this morning is that the Government will be returning to the House with a full update on the conclusion of the consultation on the White Paper.
I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend’s leadership in this policy area.
The conference in the autumn will give the Government an opportunity to lay out their plans for working with international partners.
Does she agree that AI cannot be blocked or stopped, and therefore an open, pragmatic approach needs to be shown to harness the benefits of AI for the economy and society in general?
My right hon.
Friend is correct.
That is what we have laid out in our approach so far.
As the Prime Minister said, we intend to lead overseas and domestically, lead the charge of that opportunity in our public services and ensure that our pro-innovation approach enables the benefits of this technology to be captured sooner across the economy.
Was my right hon.
Friend reassured by the comments made by Nick Clegg this morning, while representing Meta, that AI at present is not capable of individual thought as such, but goes through a massive trawl very quickly of existing data?
We are drawing on the benefit of a range of experts in our work.
In particular, I thank Ian Hogarth and those who have stepped up to form our Foundation Models Taskforce, which is helping us by looking extremely closely at the safety requirements for those models at the very frontier.
There will be more updates on that work as time goes on.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Secretary of State will surely have read the many reports of bad actors using AI technology to create voice clones and, ultimately, scam victims out of money over the phone.
For as little as 76p a month, a subscription to one of those websites can be yours, Mr Speaker.
Computer security company McAfee recently found that one in four people had experienced a voice scam or knew someone who had.
What exactly is the Secretary of State doing right now to prevent and, ultimately, protect people from those voice scams and deepfakes?
The shadow Minister raises a good point, which we should all examine.
We have the correct answers, through the approach we have set out in our White Paper using our world-class regulators, the approach we are working on in this House and the other place on the Online Safety Bill, and existing crimes and offences.