That is the—
Order.
The Prime Minister need not worry, because he has no responsibility for the Opposition.
Every single Member of the House is required by law to confirm the true source of a donation before it is accepted or declared.
Can the Prime Minister tell us  whether he followed all the rules all the time before he took £38,500 of free air travel on 28 April?
If so, why does his story keep changing about who paid?
All donations are declared in the normal way.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, if there are administrative changes to that they are quickly corrected.
To bring the Prime Minister back to the question asked, rightly, by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Somerset (Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg) , the opposition politician referred to is Nigel Farage, whose bank account was closed not because he was a PEP—a politically exposed person—or for commercial reasons, but because his views did not align with the values of Coutts bank: thinly veiled political discrimination and a vindictive, irresponsible and undemocratic action.
In addition, Nat West also disclosed confidential details about Farage’s account to the BBC and lied about the commercial viability of his account, actions that should jeopardise its banking licence and should certainly worry Nat West’s 19 million other customers.
The Prime Minister has told us what he will do in the future, but there are many other people in this circumstance.
Will he require every bank with a British banking licence to inform the Treasury of all the accounts that they have shut down for non-commercial reasons in the last decade?
I know that my right hon.
Friend has spoken to the Chancellor about this issue, and that he will continue to have those conversations.
In the short term, having consulted on the payment service  regulations, we intend to crack down on that practice by toughening the rules around account closures.
In the meantime, the Financial Ombudsman Service is available for people to make complaints to, but I look forward to continuing the dialogue with my right hon.
Friend, as does the Chancellor.
As a father, the Prime Minister will know how precious children are.
Adam Watson, aged nine, and Poppy Ogle, aged 10, from my constituency sadly lost their battle with childhood cancer just last year.
Their homes are forever broken.
Both families want to see a change in financial support for the 1,600 children diagnosed with cancer across the UK each year.
Will the Prime Minister commit to meeting these families to listen to their stories, and to reviewing child disability living allowance payments so that they commence immediately on diagnosis of childhood cancer, whether or not the diagnosis is terminal?
The three-month wait for support is just too long.
Surely this Government can see fit to wrap their arms around these children and their families in their hour of need.
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising that issue.
I cannot imagine how difficult it is for families whose children are being treated for cancer, with everything that comes along with that.
I will happily look into  the specific issue that she has mentioned and get back to her in all haste.
She should know that she has my  total support for helping and supporting families  who are going through what will be an unbelievably difficult time.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department if she will make a statement on Contest, the United Kingdom’s Strategy for Countering Terrorism 2023.
Yesterday, the Government published an update to our counter-terrorism strategy, Contest.
A written ministerial statement was laid alongside the Command Paper in Parliament.
Contest has a clear mission: to reduce the risk from terrorism to the United Kingdom, our citizens and our interests overseas, so that people can go about their lives freely and with confidence.