Under Project Gigabit, we are launching procurements across Wales and the rest of the UK to deliver gigabit-capable broadband to rural and remote premises not included in suppliers’ commercial plans.
We are planning to launch a regional procurement for north Wales by the end of the year, which will include premises in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
The towns of Flint and Holywell in my constituency have 90% and 83% full-fibre connectivity respectively, but the exchange in Mold has only 10%, and Northop only 2.6%.
The Mold exchange in particular serves many of the smaller villages and also the farming community, which is vital to my constituency.
What more can the Minister do to improve connectivity in these rural areas so that the vital farming sector does not grind to a halt in places such as Delyn?
My hon.
Friend is right to stress the importance of digital connectivity to rural communities and businesses.
We are pressing ahead apace with Project gigabit, and have appointed our hon.
Friend  the Member for Barrow and Furness (Simon Fell)  as rural connectivity champion.
At present, more than 98% of premises in Delyn have access to superfast broadband, while 62% have a gigabit-capable network, and our Project Gigabit procurements are intended to ensure that communities such as Northop and Mold do not miss out on gigabit-capable connection.
What recent progress she has made on securing the UK’s association with Horizon Europe.
What recent progress she has made on securing the UK’s association with Horizon Europe.
What her planned timescale is for negotiating the UK’s association to Horizon Europe.
We are moving forward with discussions on the UK’s involvement in Horizon Europe, and we hope they will be successful.
Association is our preference.
The talks are continuing constructively, but we have not yet agreed a deal.
We want to reach a resolution as quickly as possible to give the industry certainty.
We have also set out our bold alternative, Pioneer, which we are ready to implement if necessary.
Owing to the Government’s delay in associating with Horizon Europe, the UK has lost out on “hosting” nearly 400 high-end European Research Council grants.
Furthermore, nearly 50 grant winners have left the country altogether.
Scientists including Brian Cox and Sir Paul Nurse are warning that the Government’s failure to act is damaging Britain’s science base.
Is the Secretary of State concerned about these failings?
Unfortunately it is the European Union that has delayed for more than two years, and that has caused serious and lasting damage to the UK’s participation.
What we need to do is ensure that we can get the right deal for UK researchers, UK businesses and UK taxpayers.
That that is what we are working to do, and we are confident that the talks are proceeding constructively.
It is much more important to get the right deal than to get a fast deal.
The Government made a manifesto promise to associate with Horizon Europe, but it is now 132 weeks since they took our country out of the world’s biggest science fund.
It is shocking but not surprising that they have broken yet another promise.
Government inaction has seriously damaged our international science pedigree.
How much longer will our world-leading scientists, researchers and universities—who have suffered so much already—be forced to wait because this Government cannot keep their promises?
We have continued to support the sector with more than £1.5 billion of the Horizon guarantee.
We have done that to ensure that there is no loss of funding for the UK science sector.
I think it far more important to speak directly to researchers, businesses and taxpayers about our commitment to getting the right deal than to engage in party politics here.
We in Bath have two fantastic universities, the University of Bath and Bath Spa University.
Their leaders continue to worry about losing talent from Europe, and the Government have worsened the position by proposing a 66% increase in visa fees.