1 ask, which was to remove the cap on pensions tax.
That was specifically designed to retain senior doctors in the NHS.
The Government have now done our bit, and I urge the unions, “Please get back to the hospitals and treat your patients.”
Does my right hon.
Friend share my unease that a bank that has the Government as its largest shareholder should close the account of a senior opposition politician?
Will he use the Government’s shareholding to ensure that there is an inquiry into those circumstances, because the subject data access request makes it clear, or certainly indicates, that it is the political views of the person concerned that led to his cancellation?
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that, however much we may find them tiresome, members of the opposition deserve bank accounts?
It would not be right if financial services were being denied to anyone exercising their right to lawful free speech.
Our new Financial Services and Markets Act 2023 puts in place new measures to ensure that politically exposed persons are being treated in an appropriate and proportionate manner, and having consulted on the payments services regulations, we are in the process of cracking down on that practice by tightening the rules around account closures.
But in the meantime, any individual can complain to the Financial Ombudsman Service, which has the power to direct a bank to reopen their account.
I know how it feels to be homeless, squatting from one place to another with your entire belongings in one single black bin liner.
Hard-working families, including in Bradford West, are at risk of homelessness because of the Tory mortgage bombshell and the failure to legislate to protect renters.
Apart from totally losing grip of the whole situation, what is the Prime Minister doing to stop half a million people becoming homeless?
Actually, rough sleeping levels were about a third lower in 2022 compared with the peak in 2017.
Since our landmark Homelessness Reduction Act 2017 came into force, more than 600,00 households have successfully had their homelessness prevented or relieved, and we are investing £2 billion over the next three years to continue to tackle homelessness and rough sleeping.
The Prime Minister mentioned our armed forces.
May I mention them again?
We lost 457 personnel killed in Afghanistan, and several thousand suffered life-changing injuries.
So I and some of my colleagues on the Defence Committee were absolutely stunned to see a video posted by our own Chairman lauding the Taliban’s governance of Afghanistan but not mentioning that they are still trying to identify and kill Afghan civilians who sided with NATO forces, nor the fact that they do not like girls to go to school.
Can I make it plain that that was not in our name, and can I have the Prime Minister’s assurance that that silly and naive act was not in his name either?
I join my right hon.
Friend in paying tribute to our brave serving personnel and veterans, and I thank them for their service, as we touched on earlier.
We have repeatedly called out, and will continue to repeatedly call out, the human rights abuses that we see around the world.
He mentions rightly the prohibition on women being educated in Afghanistan, which is something that we have spoken about in the past.
We will also continue to have dialogue with regimes.
That does not mean that we consider those regimes to be legitimate or that we approve of their actions, but that is all part, as he will understand, of establishing normal diplomatic presence in countries where the situation allows.
I will very happily look into the specific case that he raises.
It is not just the adoption of the disgusting two-child benefit cap; it is the endorsement of a hard Brexit, the tuition fees, the immigration.
Does the Prime Minister not agree that there is now no real difference between the two main UK parties?