Northern Ireland-related terrorism remains a serious threat, particularly in Northern Ireland.
The Contest strategy does not address the threat from Northern Ireland in Northern Ireland; that is managed by a separate strategic approach led by the Northern Ireland Office.
At the Home Office, our Contest approach covers the threat from Northern Ireland-related terrorism in mainland Great Britain.
It is important that we do not decouple those two threats, which are very interlinked.
We know that some dissident republican groups continue to carry out terrorist attacks, as the hon.
Member referred to, so we need to ensure that all the resources are available, and we want to ensure that we support partners in Northern Ireland so they are readily equipped to mitigate and respond to the threat.
In June, the national security adviser to the Canadian Government—a key Five Eyes member—listed Russia, China and Iran as key state actors that pose a threat to Canadian life.
They then added India to that list due to the rise of Hindu nationalist activity specifically targeting Canadian Sikhs.
Is that anywhere in the Home Secretary’s thinking on extremism?
If not, why not?
As I said, general ideologies are set out in our Prevent approach and our Contest approach.
We are actor-agnostic, but we note where these threats are emerging based on a casework analysis, as confirmed by MI5 and other agencies.
The predominant threats relate to Islamist terrorism, but of course it is right that there are robust law-enforcement responses for any kind of violence or extremism that meets the criminal threshold.
I welcome very much the Secretary of State’s answers to the questions posed.
Further to the question from  the hon.
Member for North Down (Stephen Farry) , will she outline what steps have been taken to allocate additional funding to local police forces in areas with higher threat levels such as Northern Ireland, where republican terrorism is a real threat to the democratic process?
Bearing in mind that the police budget in Northern Ireland has been cut in real terms in a time of crisis, will she confirm what discussions have taken place with the Chief Constable and the Policing Board to ensure that the commitment to ringfencing funding for the battle against terrorism in all of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is maintained?
I made some reference to the specific nature of the threat posed by Northern Ireland-related terrorism.
It is clear that it is primarily concentrated and directed against targets in Northern Ireland.
I regularly discuss with UK Government colleagues how we can ensure robust defences across the whole piece, but I am happy to see what more can be done through a conversation.
The rapid proliferation of end-to-end encryption and anonymous messaging services allows terrorist groups  to communicate freely without the risk of detection or identification.
Of course, personal privacy must be upheld for ordinary citizens, so how are the Government looking to work with tech experts to find alternative ways of accessing the communications of members of such groups?
This is something that really does concern me.
The proposed roll-out of end-to-end encryption without enabling lawful access or without safeguards will pose a danger not just to national security, but to children and to all our people.
It is vital that the technology companies work with us to roll out the available technology—I am confident that it exists—to enable and protect privacy rights, but at the same time to enable law enforcement access and interventions to take place so that we can safeguard children online, prevent radicalisation online and prevent criminality online.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I would like expand on the apology delivered by the Prime Minister this afternoon for the unacceptable hurt caused to LGBT members of our nation’s armed forces by the 1967 to 2000 ban on homosexuality.
It was not acceptable and it was not what the brave men and women it affected deserved.