I welcome the Labour leader’s new-found support for our policy, even though he previously committed to a different approach.
What I would say to  the hon.
Member for Aberdeen South (Stephen Flynn) , and indeed the Labour Front Bench, is that they do not have to worry too much given the Labour leader’s track record: he has never actually kept a promise that he has made.
Voters in Scotland are used to child poverty under the Tories—they almost expect it—but they do not expect child poverty support from the Labour party.
If we look very closely right now, there is a shiver running along the Labour Front Bench looking for a spine. [
Interruption.]
Does this not tell us something much bigger: that for children living in poverty in Scotland, Westminster offers them no real change and no real hope?
The best route out of poverty is through work, and the best way to ensure that children do not grow up in poverty is to ensure that they do not grow up in a workless household.
That is why we are focused on creating more jobs, with 200,000 more in Scotland since 2010 and hundreds of thousands fewer children across the United Kingdom growing up in a workless household.
We will always continue to reduce child poverty.
I do not want to see a single child grow up in poverty, and we will deliver that in every part of the UK, including in Scotland.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that if Opposition Members are in favour of illegal economic migration, they should have the courage to say so, rather than claiming that young men in their 20s and 30s, arriving here from safe countries, are actually asylum seekers?
My right hon.
Friend is right that the Opposition do not have a plan to tackle illegal migration.
We saw that just this last week, when I think they voted over 70 different times against our stop the boats Bill.
That Bill will make it crystal clear that if you come here illegally, you will be detained and swiftly removed to a safe third country.
That is the fair, compassionate and right way to deal with this problem, and that is what we believe in.
It is exactly a year to the day since UK temperatures hit a deadly 40°C for the first time, with 3,000 excess deaths last summer.
Yet businesses and the Prime Minister’s own climate advisers have said that his climate progress is worryingly slow.
He likes to claim that the UK is decarbonising more quickly than the rest of the G7, but since the Paris agreement that is simply not true.
He also likes to claim that it is not a top concern for the public, while recent polling shows that that is not true either.
Experts, businesses and the public all want bolder climate action, but it is not even one of his top five priorities.
Can he tell us why not?
The hon.
Lady just makes a completely bizarre point.
Because we moved quicker and faster than everyone else, she thinks that somehow that is something we should now not be proud of.
It is right that other countries are catching up; it is inevitable that they will have to decarbonise faster now to make up for the fact that over the past two decades they have not followed our example.
I am not going to take any lectures from her on this topic, because our track record is a good one.
We have decarbonised faster than everyone else and right now we are making the right long-term decisions to make sure that we not only transition to net zero, but do so in a way that brings people along with us and creates jobs in the process.
Bedfordshire businesses now have apprentices on the factory floor, earning £48,000 a year on qualification, easily beating cost of living pressures.