I acknowledge that the Labour party did set out some plans to train more, but that is not enough.
You also have to set out plans to retain more NHS staff, as we did, and, crucially, you also have to set out plans for how you reform the NHS, so that you can have a more productive NHS.
That is the difference between us: he is only ever focused on the superficial headline, while we are getting on with the actual reform.
If the Prime Minister is so good at maths, he will know that I am 60, not 61.
I do not know whether he has found time during the recent by-elections to visit Hillingdon Hospital, where the wards have had to close, staff are working in appalling conditions and patient safety is at risk, and that is simply a snapshot of the wider problem.
This week, the National Audit Office set out in detail what everyone already knows: the Government’s hospital programme has, shall we say, some gaps in it.
So can the Prime Minister confirm that, apart from the fact that there are not 40 of them, that most of them are not new, and that many of them are not even hospitals, everything is going fine with the 40 new hospitals?
Not only are we going to deliver on our manifesto commitment to build 40 new hospitals across the country by 2030, we are not stopping there; we are also delivering 100 hospital upgrades across the country, and crucially more than 100 new community diagnostic centres to speed up treatment for people, including in the constituency of the deputy Leader of the Opposition, and the constituencies of the shadow Work and Pensions Secretary, the shadow Energy Secretary, the shadow Justice Secretary and the shadow Attorney General.
That is how committed we are.
Let me end on this.
The Leader of the Opposition mentioned Hillingdon Hospital in Uxbridge.
I want to help the people of this country.
I want to make sure that not only can they get to work but they get the care that they need.
Why on earth does he want to charge them £12.50 every time they visit their GP and hospital?
There was welcome news this morning of inflation falling by more than expected.
Businesses in my constituency are trying to plan their pricing for next January and are struggling because of the proposals to introduce the extended producer responsibility.
They do not yet have the information on how much it will cost or how it will work.
Will the Prime Minister look at pausing and resetting that programme, so that in January we do not  see price rises in our supermarkets without the consequent reduction in packaging and increase in recycling that we all want to see?
This is something that has been raised with me by those in the industry.
We are committed to protecting the environment and delivering on our net zero targets, but the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is continuing to engage closely with manufacturers, retailers and packaging companies on the precise design of the scheme.
I know that Ministers will continue to keep this House and my hon.
Friend updated.
I call the leader of the SNP.
The two-child benefit cap introduced by the Conservative party has left 250,000 children living in poverty.
Does the Prime Minister take comfort in knowing that the heinous legacy of that policy will no longer be protected just by Conservative Members but by Labour Members too?
I welcome the Labour leader’s new-found support for our policy, even though he previously committed to a different approach.
What I would say to  the hon.
Member for Aberdeen South (Stephen Flynn) , and indeed the Labour Front Bench, is that they do not have to worry too much given the Labour leader’s track record: he has never actually kept a promise that he has made.