They paint a shocking and shameful picture of a Defence that is hard to comprehend.
The enforcement of the ban became something of a witch hunt.
The testimonies detail investigations, invasive searches and examinations, degrading tests, brutal bullying and, in some cases, sexual abuse.
One doctor who joined in 1984 describes how he had to perform a test for which there was no medical or clinical basis.
Some who thought they could confide in their chaplains were stunned to find their details were passed to their superiors.
For those affected, the hardships impacted every aspect of their lives.
Reputations were demeaned and defamed.
Commissions were surrendered and officers demoted by multiple ranks.
Veterans who served with distinction, awarded medals in famous campaigns from the Falklands to the Gulf, were stripped of their medals.
We cannot turn back the clock, but we can make amends and take action.
This report makes 49 recommendations.
My Department, alongside the Office for Veterans’ Affairs, the Department for Health and Social Care and others across Government, in partnership with the devolved Administrations and the charity sector, all have a role in delivering the report’s recommendations.
Many in the LGBT veteran community have been eagerly awaiting the publication of this report, and rightly so—they have been waiting for decades to be heard.
I am pleased to say that, since we received this report at the end of May, multiple Government Departments have been busy working through the recommendations to ensure that we come to the House today accepting, in principle, the vast majority of the report’s recommendations.
While we agree with the intent behind them, we may deliver a number in different ways from that described in the report.
We will set out those differences when we publish the Government’s full response to the review after the summer recess, but I assure the House: that will be the time when we can not only deliver restitution and redress to the LGBT veteran community, but make sure that the House properly debates the report and the Government’s response to it and its recommendations.
This of course is a statement today.
While I welcome all colleagues’ challenges and requests on it, I have decided specifically that a debate in the House should take place to give a chance to debate the Government’s recommendations.
That is the right thing to do.
Although that may take the summer, it is important that both Opposition and our colleagues can hold me or my successor to account.
In fact, we have already delivered six of the recommendations today; the Prime Minister delivered the first this morning at the Dispatch Box.
Importantly, we have set up a digital front door, which went live today at midday, to offer information on veterans’ services, support and restorative measures to those affected by the ban.
I encourage LGBT veterans to visit it to see what support is available to them now, and to stay informed as our delivery of the recommendations is rolled out.
I am happy to be drawn on further details on the recommendations during today’s questions but, as I said, the House should have proper time to debate and scrutinise them.
I am glad that today’s MOD is a very different place today from the Defence of the late ’60s to ’90s.
Our LGBT colleagues are an integral and undifferentiated   part of the Defence family, making a fantastic difference all over the world.
At the start of this month, the Minister for Defence People, Veterans and Service Families, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for South West Wiltshire (Dr Murrison) , met LGBT members of our armed forces and veterans before they marched at London Pride.
The occasion has become a celebrated part of our military calendar.
Today’s MOD policies are geared towards LGBT issues.
There is training for LGBT allies and thriving LGBT staff networks.
There is no place for prejudice in the modern armed forces.