The Department recognises the critical importance of the east coast main line and has invested £4 billion in a combination of infrastructure enhancements and rolling stock upgrades that will help to deliver journey time, reliability and capacity improvements.
The full benefit of this investment will be felt with the introduction of a revised timetable in December 2025.
The Department continues to work closely with Network Rail to explore opportunities to improve performance and resilience.
My constituents have raised concerns about the reliability of services on the east coast main line, with one constituent receiving delay repay compensation for five out of six journeys he took over a two-month period.
I welcome the correspondence I have had with the Rail Minister on the action that the Department for Transport is taking with rail partners, including through the east coast digital programme.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm that the first trains utilising new digital signalling technology will be on the tracks by the end of the year?
When does she expect passengers to feel the full benefit of this welcome upgrade?
The east coast digital programme is delivering digital signalling on 100 miles of the east coast main line.
The technology will deliver an inherent improvement to service reliability and uplift performance and capacity across the line, including for my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
The first trains are forecast to start running under digital signalling from early 2026.
The number of services running under digital signalling will increase until the full programme is expected to be complete in the early 2030s.
What steps she is taking to reduce the cost of rail services.
What steps she is taking to reduce the cost of rail services.
It is our ambition through public ownership to deliver a more affordable railway.
This year’s fare increase of 4.6% is the lowest absolute increase in three years.
We are committed to reforming the overcomplicated fares system and expanding ticketing innovations like pay-as-you-go in urban areas across the country.
When the Secretary of State finally steps in and knocks heads together and we get our Azuma train to Grimsby via Market Rasen, will she instruct the railway company to name the locomotive Margaret Thatcher to remind us all that the best way to reduce the cost of rail services is to end restrictive trade union practices?
I hate to disappoint the Father of the House, but I am afraid that I will not be making such a commitment today.
The British people pay some of the highest rail fares in Europe.
However, the Government seem to prioritise the size of the socialist state, by kowtowing to trade unions with radical public pay rises and nationalisation plans.
Will the Secretary of State instead please focus on improving the lot of commuters—particularly Romford’s hard-working commuters—and take real steps to reduce rail fares and improve railway services?
I am surprised that the hon.
Gentleman has the gall to raise this issue when, under his party’s Government, fares rose at around twice the speed of wages.
I also point out that since 2020, train operating companies have paid out nearly £1 billion to their parent companies, signed off by Conservative Ministers in the previous Government.
If the hon.
Gentleman wants to talk about costs and value for money on the railway, I suggest he start by looking in the mirror.
It was, in fact, a Conservative Secretary of State who forced fare rises on Transport for London in exchange for covid emergency funding.
What steps will my right hon.
Friend take to put TfL on a better footing in the future, including backing great projects such as the one in my constituency to upgrade and provide step-free access at one of the busiest stations in the country at South Kensington?
My hon.