There has been military and civilian loss of life on a vast scale, at the hands of a dictator oblivious to consequences and only too willing to sacrifice his own soldiers to the meat grinder.
In the face of so many casualties and so much pain, of course we all want peace.
We all want the senseless slaughter to stop, and for Ukraine to once again thrive and enjoy the trappings of peace and prosperity, which we all take for granted.
It is clear that an end to this suffering is a goal that President Trump wishes to achieve rapidly; he set that out to the American people before securing their support for his election to the White House, and for a second mandate.
We remain 100% steadfast in our support for Ukraine, and in our backing for the Government in delivering that; they gave us the same backing when in opposition.
We agree in principle with them and believe, as we stressed repeatedly in government, that it is for the Ukrainians to decide the timing and the terms of any negotiations on ending the war.
Does the Minister agree that negotiations without the direct involvement of Ukraine would be unthinkable?
What more can the Minister say about how the Government will work with allies to ensure that any negotiations are driven by the primacy of Ukraine’s needs, not least given its status as the democratic nation invaded, without provocation, by a dictator?
We welcome the news from the Minister about the commitments given by other European NATO nations this week, but is not President Trump right to consistently highlight the point that some NATO nations spend far below what is expected and required on defence?
Will the Minister assure the House that the Government, using every lever at their disposal, will remind all NATO members that a win for Putin in any settlement may bring a temporary end to the conflict, but will not make the world a safer place?
Far from it.
It would be an illusion of peace, and would be likely to send a very dangerous signal to other potential adversaries.
Of course, the position expressed by both the US President and his Defence Secretary yesterday has huge implications for our defence policy.
They have made it abundantly clear that the US will play no role in any future peacekeeping effort in Ukraine, should that be necessary.
Although the Government will of course be cautious about contemplating publicly the implications of that, is not the key point straightforward: if higher defence spending was urgent before, it is now critical?
I welcome the fact that, in the main, there is still consensus across this House on supporting Ukraine.
That has been a tremendously important part of the support that we have given over the last three years, and before, to the Ukrainians.
The hon.
Gentleman said that there should be no negotiation about Ukraine without Ukraine; my right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary made that clear in his remarks yesterday.
NATO’s job is to put Ukraine in the strongest possible position for any talks, but there can be no negotiation about Ukraine without Ukraine’s involvement.
We want to see a durable peace and no return to conflict and aggression.
That is the only way in which this war can end, with the kind of security that President Trump and Secretary Hegseth have referred to.
We are all conscious of the three-year anniversary of the invasion of Ukraine, and our thoughts are with the people of Ukraine at this time.
However, there can be no peace without justice.
It is therefore welcome that countries are collaborating to try to bring about a de-escalation  of the war.
What are the Government doing to focus on the justice system, to ensure that war criminals are tried, and justice is brought to the Ukrainian people?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.