They cannot be blamed on others, and they require explanation.
The first contradiction is in relation to international law.
On  3 February , the Attorney General told the Council of Europe that the Government would
“never withdraw from the European Convention on Human Rights, or refuse to comply with judgments of the court”.
In doing so, he was simply restating settled UK policy for many decades, a fact that he somehow neglected to mention.
The difficulty arises, however, because the Government’s new legislation on small boats appears to retain a measure banning migrants from claiming protections under the modern slavery laws.
That is a ban that the Prime Minister went out of his way to denounce when it was first introduced in 2023.
In his words:
“It is a crying shame that…we face legislation that drives a coach and horses through our world-leading modern slavery framework, which protects women from exploitation.
”—[Official Report,  8 March 2023 ; Vol.
729, c. 295.]
That is quite a U-turn.
You see the deeper problem, Mr Speaker.
Which is it to be: will the Government abide by international law in this instance and protect women from exploitation, as the Prime Minister said, or will they reverse his newly adopted position in support of the ban?
The second problem relates to domestic law.
Last November, the Attorney General strengthened his official guidance to Government lawyers on possible legal risk.
He specifically cautioned against offering legal support for policies that have only a tenable case.
Elsewhere, he has pledged to restore checks on Executive—that is, Government—action.
This comes at a time when the Prime Minister has specifically pledged to end vexatious litigation while building a huge amount of new housing and infrastructure.
You see the problem, Mr Speaker.
It was the problem that the noble Lord Glasman was pointing out when he praised the rule of law, but not of lawyers.
This edict will have a chilling effect on what I think we can already agree is pretty sluggish decision making by Ministers.
Will the Government now take less legal risk, as the Attorney General requires?
Will their lawyers now require Ministers to act only when they can defeat a legal challenge, or will they curb the judicial reviews and other legal cases that will otherwise inevitably disrupt their building plans?
I do not expect the Leader of the House to tell us how the Government plan to resolve those obvious problems today, but the House would be grateful for a debate in Government time on what on earth the Government’s approach will be to resolving them.
May I first update the House on the work of the Modernisation Committee, which I chair?
We established the Committee to rebuild trust in politics, raise standards, improve culture and make Parliament more effective.
In recent years, the role of an MP has changed significantly, with many more demands and  expectations in the constituency.
The make-up of the Commons has changed a great deal too; many more parties are represented and Members better reflect the country we serve.
So how we do things needs to change, too.
I thank all of those who contributed to our wide-ranging call for views.
Work is already under way, with the Standards Committee’s inquiry on Members’ outside employment and the Procedure Committee’s inquiry on proxy votes and call lists.
Today, we have set out three further areas for consideration: improving accessibility; ensuring that the Chamber remains the crucible of national debate; and how we can provide more certainty on parliamentary business.
The right hon.
Gentleman raised a number of points and gave a list of economic statistics.
I might give him some alternative ones, if I may.