We are getting on with delivering this Government’s plan for change.
Last week I approved upgrades to four major road projects across Wiltshire, Leeds, Essex and Buckinghamshire.
That £90 million investment will reduce journey times, ease congestion and improve safety.
It is on the back of drivers’ switching to electric cars in record-breaking numbers, with sales in January more than 40% higher than those last year and nearly 20,000 public charge points added in 2024 alone.
We are backing, with a £205 million investment, the west midlands metro extension, which will take trams from Wednesbury to Brierley Hill.
We are cutting journey times and improving connections for towns with poor public transport links, and yesterday we announced a £300 million investment to get Britain walking and cycling, with hundreds of new footpaths and cycle lanes.
We are delivering the basics of a better transport system, which means improving the everyday journeys that drive economic growth and make people’s lives better.
I met key Scottish stakeholders recently to discuss proposals to bring to the Glasgow city region a metro scheme interconnecting more and more parts of our region, including the towns and villages in my constituency.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is vital for the Scottish Government to show the same ambition for growth in Scotland as the UK Government have shown in their recent transport announcements, and will she work with the Scottish Government to ensure that this project maximises investment and opportunity for my constituents?
I will always work closely with colleagues in the Scottish Government to ensure that this Government’s ambitions for transport reach all corners of the UK.
The Scottish Government have had a record settlement through the Budget, so I look forward to hearing more about plans for a greater Glasgow metro scheme as they develop.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Heathrow airport is already the largest single-site payer of business rates in the country, paying approximately £124 million annually.
To fund the Chancellor’s next spending spree, the Valuation Office Agency is currently revaluating airports in England and Wales, and any significant increase could impact  Heathrow’s ability to fund airport expansion and a third runway.
Is the Secretary of State aware of the latest estimate of how much Heathrow’s business rates will increase by?
This was a policy cooked up by the Valuation Office Agency under His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs by the last Government.
We have engaged with airports on this matter and asked them to continue to engage with the Valuation Office Agency.
I notice that the Minister did not answer my question, so I will assist him.
The estimate is that Heathrow’s rates bill will increase fivefold to £600 million annually, putting substantial additional pressure on Heathrow’s finances.
In the light of that, will the Minister confirm the long-standing policy that the full cost of a third runway, including related works such as relocating, tunnelling or bridging over the M25, will be fully funded by the private sector and not by the taxpayer?
The airports national policy statement from 2018, which was two Governments ago, made it clear that any proposal—we have not had a proposal come forward—should treat surface access appropriately, and that should be funded by the private sector where possible.
Residents in Ashbourne have been left feeling hopeless and frustrated after waiting decades for a relief road.
More than 700 heavy goods vehicles pass through the town each day, endangering local pedestrians, increasing pollution and causing significant congestion.
Will the Minister meet me regarding the need to install a relief road for Ashbourne?
As my hon.
Friend knows, delivering a transport system that meets local, regional and national needs will play a vital role in delivering the missions of this Government.