Does the Minister believe that there is any possibility in the near future of a ceasefire, ahead of negotiations, that would be acceptable to the people of Ukraine as well as the rest of Europe, because we need to see an end to this ghastly conflict?
The right hon.
Gentleman is correct that conflicts such as this need to come to an end as soon as possible, so I acknowledge the point he makes about the death on all sides and how bad that is.
However, I think it is important for any peace that may be negotiated to be durable and lasting, so we need to focus our minds at present on supporting Ukraine as much as we can so that it goes into any such negotiations in the strongest possible position.
Given Putin’s illegal invasion and declared intent, do the Government agree that any negotiations must result in a sovereign Ukraine, and that the UK will play its part in providing security guarantees that are meaningful, unlike those of the past, because that is crucial to securing a lasting peace?
The hon.
Member is right that security guarantees are likely to be an important part of any peace agreement given the past history.
We have a 100-year partnership with Ukraine, and we are committed to ensuring that it can defend its sovereign capability to continue to exist.
While it is too early to talk about any details of what those security guarantees may be, we are committed to making sure that Ukraine can continue as an independent state.
On Monday, there will be a concert in Bath abbey in support of Ukraine.
My constituents have been unstinting in their support for Ukrainians living among us, but also for Ukrainian communities such as in Oleksandriia.
Now is not the point at which to weaken our support.
How will the Government ensure that Ukraine’s voice is heard loud and clear in any peace talks, and that no European countries may potentially, or will ultimately, be bullied by US President Trump?
I agree very much with the hon.
Lady when she says that our Ukrainian friends here in this nation have received a lot of support—not only in her constituency, but across the UK—from their friends and neighbours, and that that will continue.
We have a 100-year partnership with Ukraine.
We have supported the Ukrainians through the toughest times of this war with arms and other necessary support, and we will continue to do so.
I am sure the Minister will acknowledge, as I do, the huge effort of the Ukrainian diaspora in the UK, of which a large proportion is in Scotland, particularly in and around my constituency.
Given the huge efforts they have made, does she agree that we must not convey the idea in the coming weeks that we have in any way let them or their countrymen down?
I do agree with that, and we have no intention—I think in any part of this House—of doing so.
I call Jim Shannon
Thank you, Mr Speaker —I am surprised to be called so early.
Do you want to wait a minute?
No, no—I will grab the chance.
I thank the Minister for her answers.
It is obvious to me and other Members of this House that she has a heart that wants to help those in Ukraine, and we appreciate that, especially since it comes from Government.
I welcome the potential peace that might come, but of course it has to be a peace of justice; it has to be fair to the Ukrainians, and we hope a way can be found.
Does  she agree that any signs of negotiation are to be welcomed, but that there can be no doubt that Ukraine retains the support of this House?
She has said that, and everyone has said it.