I welcome the potential peace that might come, but of course it has to be a peace of justice; it has to be fair to the Ukrainians, and we hope a way can be found.
Does  she agree that any signs of negotiation are to be welcomed, but that there can be no doubt that Ukraine retains the support of this House?
She has said that, and everyone has said it.
What role will the UK have in ensuring that the people of Ukraine have security from further Russian aggression when Putin recalibrates his forces a year or two from now?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise these concerns.
It is clear that any peace that is negotiated, which must have the consent of the Ukrainians themselves, has to be durable, and to the extent that that requires security guarantees, those have to be present for it to work.
It is a truism from ancient Roman times that if we want peace, we must prepare for war, and I am glad the strategic defence review is preparing us for war—sadly—although in slow motion, unfortunately.
Will the SDR consider the unlocked back door that is Ireland, which sits outwith NATO?
It is clear that alarm bells are ringing in NATO, but Ireland, cash rich, sits outside NATO and has a critical role in defending undersea cables.
We learn from the Irish press that its navy is setting sail without sufficient officers to man its main guns—it is sending out gunboats without guns.
What can we do to encourage Ireland to play a full role in what will, I think, be a confrontation with Russia?
The hon.
Gentleman is right that we need to prepare.
The strategic defence review will set out the threats that we face and we will then turn our attention to making sure we obtain the capabilities to deal with them.
Obviously we will look at any weaknesses there might be and try to shore them up.
Every time President Trump makes a statement about Ukraine I hear from constituents that they are terrified for the future of Ukraine, and never more so than in the last 24 hours.
Will the Minister confirm whether the British Government were consulted on or told about President Trump’s call with Vladimir Putin beforehand?
I am afraid it is above my pay grade to know the answer to that question, but I am sure the hon.
Gentleman will have an opportunity to ask those whose pay grade it is not above at another questions session.
As far as I am aware we have had friendly conversations at the Ukraine defence contact group with members of the US Administration.
What practical help are the Government providing to Ukraine’s legal system and judges to ensure the prosecution of war crimes?
We have a 100-year partnership with Ukraine, which has been signed.
That will be supporting it in any way it feels it needs support that we might be able to offer.
I cannot answer the hon.
Gentleman’s question today about what help we have given, but I am absolutely certain that if Ukraine asks us for help and it is considered that our legal profession is able to supply it, we will think about doing so.
Does the Minister not agree that the lesson to draw from this is the importance of military strength, working with all our NATO and European allies, but critically being able to stand on our own two feet militarily?
We need to see defence spending as investment, and in that light does she wish we were not giving however many billions of pounds it is to Mauritius and that we could invest that money in our defences instead?
We have a commitment to getting our defence spending back to 2.5% of GDP, and the last time it was at that level was at the time of the last Labour Government.