I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
I know she is a committed advocate for improvements to the road network in the north-east.
I recognise the importance of Moor Farm and Seaton Burn roundabouts to her local area, and I assure her that both are being considered as part of a pipeline of projects for our future road investment strategy.
A recent freedom of information request revealed that, of identified highways spending across the Bradford district by Bradford council over the past six years, £49 million was spent within Bradford city itself, but only £4 million was spent in Keighley and my wider constituency, despite streets such as Elliott Street in Silsden being in a very poor state of repair.
Will the Secretary of State write to leaders at Bradford council and remind them that highways spending needs to be spent equally across the whole Bradford district, including places such as Keighley and Ilkley, and not just within Bradford city centre?
I am not the sort of Secretary of State who would sit at my desk in Whitehall and instruct local authorities to spend certain amounts of money on certain roads.
I expect local authorities to take strategic decisions based on where the investment is needed, and I will leave it to local leaders to make those decisions.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Too many of Britain’s roads are in a shocking state of disrepair, as the Secretary of State says.
In my constituency, Labour-run Merton council has the worst roads in London and the second worst in the country.
Some 40% of our local roads are rated as poor by her Department.
Although I welcome the coming year’s increase in funding, that is only a short-term measure and not based on need; Merton and others have received less than authorities whose roads are in a better condition.
As Labour-run Merton has failed to maintain its roads and has not been bailed out by its friends in the Government, will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss what action can be taken?
I would be very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to ensure that roads in his constituency and across London are maintained to an adequate standard.
The increase of £500 million in this year’s allocation to highways maintenance represents an average 40% increase for local authorities.
It will be making the difference, and I would be happy to discuss this issue with him further.
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
The Government are committed to delivering the better, more reliable bus services that passengers deserve.
We have already made significant progress by introducing the Bus Services (No.
2) Bill to help local leaders get the powers they need, and by announcing investment of over £1 billion to support and improve bus services.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
The cost of transport is a huge cost of living pressure for children and young people in my constituency who are trying to access education and social and leisure opportunities.
What assurance can the Minister give me that the buses Bill will end a system in which bus services are controlled by ideology, and make it a system that puts them at the service of local people?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
The Government know how important local bus services are in providing access to education and allowing young people to get around.
Empowering local leaders to improve services is at the heart of our reforms, including through the introduction of the Bus Services (No.
2) Bill, so that bus services deliver for hard-working families and communities throughout the country.
My constituents in Worsley and Eccles face high levels of congestion on our roads, especially during their rush-hour commute.