My hon.
Friend is right to raise these concerns on behalf of learner drivers.
On  18 December , the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency set out a seven-point plan that recognises the need to fix the driving test booking system, so that we can get new drivers on the road.
I will hold it to account for delivery of that plan and the changes that my hon.
Friend and his constituents need to see.
When the previous Government cancelled High Speed 2, they promised more than £4 billion for projects in the north and the midlands.
Do the Government still plan to deliver on that, and when should we expect to see that money in the north?
I hate to tell the hon.
Gentleman this, but that was fantasy money.
We are working through a pipeline of transport infrastructure projects, and will make announcements alongside the spending review.
The long-promised platform 1 lift at Hertford North station, due to be delivered under the Access for All scheme, has been delayed yet again.
This leaves some of my disabled constituents having to travel back up the line to get a different train to platform 2, so that they can use the lift there.
Will the appropriate Minister meet me to discuss how we can urgently drive forward the lift project for my constituents?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise concerns about disabled access at his local station.
We want to ensure that everyone can access our public transport networks, and I would be happy to ensure that I or one of my colleagues met him.
On economic growth, which we have discussed, will the Secretary of State clarify, for the benefit of the Conservative party, that economic growth depends on rather more than a well-oiled revolving door between the Tory party and big business—a door through which a former Tory Transport Minister and Member of the other place unsuccessfully attempted to walk last week?
Delivering economic growth requires a proper plan for investment in our transport infrastructure.
That is exactly what this Government are determined to deliver.
Once Birmingham’s Camp Hill line reopens, we will need track investment if we are to restore the pre-pandemic service frequencies on the cross-city line, including to Northfield and Longbridge.
Will the Minister look fully at the case for upgrading King’s Norton station?
My hon.
Friend is an assiduous and informed campaigner for improved rail services for his constituents.
He will know that funding for the midlands rail hub includes funding for designs for reinstated island platforms at King’s Norton.
Decisions   still need to be taken on future investment, but I know that he will push for construction to start as soon as possible.
The Calder Valley line was listed as a top priority for improvements by Transport for the North’s electrification taskforce 10 years ago, back in 2015, yet my constituents are still waiting for those improvements.
Will the Minister commit this Government to delivering the infrastructure for my constituents that the last Government could not?
Network Rail is completing a strategic outline business case, covering electrification of the Calder Valley line.
The business case will be considered in the context of the wider electrification strategy, so that we can determine how to deliver the best possible benefits across the region.
Next month, railway enthusiasts from around the world will come to my constituency, where we will mark the 200th anniversary of the Stockton and Darlington railway, which took off from the town of Shildon.
Will my right hon.
Friend ask the Rail Minister to meet me and other MPs along that route to talk about how the Government can be part of those celebrations?
I am sure that is an invitation that the Rail Minister could not possibly refuse.
On that basis, I look forward to a Minister opening the Coppull railway station, or at least doing an impact study on the main line.