What steps are the Government taking to improve consumer confidence when buying second- hand EVs?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that one in three used electric cars are now under £20,000, and data suggests that owners should expect an EV to last just as long as an internal combustion engine car.
The United Nations Economic Commission for Europe has developed a new global technical regulation, which would set standards for the lifespan of an EV battery and its minimum durability.
We are analysing options for the implementation of such regulations in the UK.
What the Minister says is all very well, but why do the Government not support my Exemption from Value Added Tax (Public Electric Vehicle Charging Points) Bill?
As the hon.
Member knows, matters relating to taxation are for the Treasury rather than the Department for Transport, but I am sure that the Chancellor will be looking at the proposals that he brings forward.
I welcome the increased uptake of electric vehicles.
Indeed we do still need to dispel many myths.
In my constituency, charging infrastructure is still a big issue, and the distribution networks struggle to speed up connecting to the infrastructure that is needed.
Will the Minister outline what work she will do with distribution networks to increase the expansion of EV charging networks?
As I am sure the hon.
Member knows, there has been a rapid increase in the roll-out of electric charging points—it was up by more than 40%  last year.
However, she is absolutely right that in some cases  that roll-out is difficult, because it is held back by the availability of capacity on the network.
That is precisely why we are working across Government, including with my colleagues in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, to unblock those things, so that we can ensure that everyone can access the electric vehicle charging points that they need close to home.
I thank the Minister for her answers.
I am not a petrolhead, but I do love my diesel vehicle.
Those of us who live in the countryside understand that having a diesel vehicle is incredibly important, and there are no electric charging points across the rural countryside.
There need to be more of those charging points on the high street and in the shopping centres, and there definitely need to be more of them in the countryside, since those of us who live there are being disadvantaged by the electric car process as it goes forward.
What is being done to help the rural community—those of us who live in the countryside and those of us who represent them—take advantage of electric cars as well?
The charging points are not there; the system does not work.
I think the hon.
Gentleman has already been charged.
The hon.
Member makes an important point: we need to ensure that there is access everywhere across our nation to electric vehicle charging points.
In the autumn Budget, we committed £200 million to supporting the roll-out of charging infrastructure, which is bolstered by over £6 billion in private investment that has been committed up to 2030.
The hon.
Member will be pleased to hear that there are over 73,000 public charging points in the UK, over 20,000 have been added in the past year, and there has been a 45% increase in rural charging points over the past year.
I call the shadow Minister.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Last year, just one in 10 consumers buying a new car chose battery electric, and in 2024, the private market for battery electric was 20% lower than Government intervention had tried to manipulate it to be.
Without fleet sales—which we know are warped by huge tax incentives, promoting them over practical vehicle choices—electric car demand just is not there.