Friend the Secretary of State has been having discussions and, indeed, our discussions are ongoing and frequent.
I have had contact with my counterpart in Ukraine, just not since yesterday.
Yesterday, no matter that we in this House wish it was not the case, the people of Ukraine were betrayed and the crimes of aggression and annexation were rewarded in a telephone call between Washington and Moscow.
Right now, we have to be building closer partnerships with our European allies for whom democracy, sovereignty and the rule of law still actually mean something.
I welcome the Government’s announcement that they defend the territorial integrity of Ukraine, but how will the Government do that in the face of two men who believe that, because of their military superiority, they can do whatever they want to whomever they want?
The US Secretary of Defence made it clear yesterday that any peace negotiations that the Americans are involved in need to lead to a durable peace that does not see a resumption of the aggression that has led to this war, and we support that.
We have also made it quite clear that these negotiations must involve Ukraine—of course they must.
That is the way in which this war will finally end.
I welcome the Minister’s statement, particularly the commitment that any negotiations about Ukraine must involve Ukraine, because if reports of the call between President Trump and Moscow are to be believed, this is less the art of the deal and more a charter for appeasement.
Will we be working with NATO allies to  establish a clear road map with defined timeframes for Ukraine’s NATO membership, ensuring long-term deterrence against inevitable further Russian aggression?
We have always said that Ukraine’s rightful place is in NATO, and our position is that Ukraine is on an irreversible path to NATO membership.
However, we have also always been clear that the process will take time.
I have already said quite clearly that the fate of Ukraine in these negotiations cannot be determined without Ukraine being fully involved, and that is our priority.
At the moment, warfighting is still happening to put Ukraine in the strongest possible position to negotiate from strength.
In 1994, Russia —along with the UK and the US—signed the Budapest memorandum, pledging to respect the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine.
Given Russia’s flagrant breach of that undertaking, why should Ukraine believe a word that Putin says without concrete security guarantees?
The right hon.
Gentleman is correct that there must be security guarantees, and the US Defence Secretary said as much.
These are all matters for any negotiations that take place.
Of course, we will be supporting Ukraine, and we have made it quite clear that there cannot be a peace that does not involve Ukraine or that it does not support.
Can the Minister assure the House that it is UK Government policy that not only must Ukraine be involved in a peace and in securing its territorial integrity, but it is only the Ukrainian people—not President Trump, nor President Putin—who can determine the destiny of Ukraine?
We have said that Ukraine must be involved in those negotiations, and that peace negotiations need two sides to come an agreement.
It therefore clearly follows that the Ukrainians must be content with whatever the process comes up with.
There must be security guarantees, and the peace must be durable—everybody agrees with that.
Is the Minister concerned that President Trump is repeating false Kremlin propaganda and perpetuating a gross misrepresentation of the war in Ukraine by suggesting that, for Ukraine, this
“was not a good war to go into”?
Will the UK Government be making it clear to the US President in no uncertain terms that Ukraine has just defended itself from invasion, bombing, rape, murder and occupation, and that it is an outrage for President Trump to suggest that Ukraine should give up its sovereign territory to Russia?