Empowering local leaders to improve services is at the heart of our reforms, including through the introduction of the Bus Services (No.
2) Bill, so that bus services deliver for hard-working families and communities throughout the country.
My constituents in Worsley and Eccles face high levels of congestion on our roads, especially during their rush-hour commute.
We benefit from Greater Manchester’s Bee network, but it only takes a temporary set of traffic lights, roadworks or an accident to back things up.
Will the Minister outline what steps are being taken to give the necessary powers and encouragement to our local communities and decision makers to create joined-up public and private transport networks that will alleviate congestion?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight this issue and will know that this Government are acting quickly to respond to his concerns.
As outlined in the “English Devolution” White Paper, we will empower strategic authorities to play a greater role in co-ordinating their local road networks.
That includes removing unnecessary Secretary of State consent requirements for certain local highway decisions, potentially including lane rental schemes, which will speed up decision making.
So many people who live in rural towns across my constituency rely on bus services to go to work, school and hospital appointments, but too often buses are running late or never turn up at all.
Last week I met local resident Nicola from Emley who told me that when she was unable to drive it was nearly impossible for her daughter Olivia to attend after-school clubs.
Will the Minister advise me on how this Government will hold failing bus companies to account and will help improve services in our local areas?
My hon.
Friend is my constituency neighbour and I understand the challenges her constituents face.
We know that local bus services are not currently delivering for people around the country.
We are committed to changing that, and our bus services Bill will give local leaders the tools they need to deliver reliable bus services that truly meet the needs of local communities, including in rural areas.
I know that the Minister is s truly passionate advocate for bus services, but if he were privileged enough to live in the beautiful village of Hixon in my constituency and wanted to get to the surgery in Great Haywood, he would have to travel into Stafford on a bus and then on a bus from Stafford to Great Hayward.
Will he update the House on what  additional help and support Staffordshire county council might look forward to receiving so that Hixon residents are able to get directly to Great Hayward?
The Government are determined to empower local leaders to make decisions about their local bus services.
They can choose from a variety of options in that toolkit, including franchising, which is now open to all local transport authorities.
We are lifting the ban on municipal bus companies and improving enhanced partnerships.
It is for local leaders to make those decisions, and we are empowering them to do so.
Rural communities such as mine rely on bus services as a vital lifeline, but too often these services are limited and infrequent.
Private operators dominate the market in my area, yet there is no minimum service requirement to ensure that people can get to work, school or medical appointments.
Will the Government guarantee a minimum level of service so that rural communities are not left stranded?
The hon.
Member will be pleased to know that the bus services Bill includes the socially necessary local services measure.
Under the new measure, local transport authorities operating under an enhanced partnership will need to identify local services which they consider socially necessary and put in place requirements that must be followed before such services can be changed or cancelled.
They will also need to consider the alternative options that are available.
Last week I held a two-hour question and answer session with Disability Action Yorkshire.