We are supporting all local authorities to improve transport infrastructure, including through our £1.6 billion investment in local roads.
I know that my hon.
Friend’s roads are littered with potholes, which is why they are getting a share of our 50% uplift.
Norfolk’s economy, to fire on all cylinders, needs a decent rural road network.
The Thickthorn junction in my constituency is outdated and urgently needs upgrading to support growth and unlock new homes.
Will the Minister back the project and visit to see at first hand why the Government should put Norfolk at the heart of our investment plans?
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for the needs of his rural constituents.
The central mission of this Government is to support economic growth, and this is one of a number of road investments under consideration.
In the past week, we have approved upgrades to four major road projects across England.
On the specific scheme, I hope to be able to say more in the coming weeks, and perhaps I will be visiting his constituency.
Sleaford has a beautiful grade II listed railway station in popular use.
However, it is very difficult for those with disabilities to access the second platform because there is no lift.
I have long campaigned for a lift, and I worked with East Midlands Railway, with the financial support of the previous Government, on a feasibility study for a lift that is in keeping with the  heritage station.
Will this Government back access for my constituents and access for people to come and visit our beautiful town?
I thank the hon.
Lady for that question.
Improving accessibility in our railways stations is incredibly important.
I am sure that the Rail Minister will be happy to write to her on the specifics of her station and to consider the proposals that have been made.
What steps she is taking to improve road safety.
The last Labour Government halved the number of people killed on our roads each year.
Under the Conservatives that progress stalled, with only a 12% reduction between 2010 and 2023, when almost 30,000 people were killed or seriously injured on our roads.
That is about one casualty every 18 minutes.
That shocking statistic is why improving road safety is one of my key priorities.
We are developing our road safety strategy, the first in a decade, and will set out more details in due course.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
Nearly 400 of my constituents have filled in my survey about the dangerously short slip roads on the A34 at East Ilsley and Beedon.
They include Nick, who never uses the Beedon junction when his young family are in the car and is even considering moving house because he believes it is a real risk to their lives.
Will the Minister meet me and raise the issue of dangerous junctions with National Highways, so we can make them safe for local people?
I commend my hon.
Friend for her support for safer roads.
National Highways has undertaken several safety studies on sections of the A34.
I am aware that improvement works took place on the East Ilsley slip in 2019, including work to widen, resurface and add new road markings.
It continues to review concerns about safety on the road and is happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the issue further and plan a site visit.
I will, of course, keep up to date with progress.
Bridgwater railway station has a bus stop that has remained unusable since its construction due to road layout and safety issues.
Despite this being a relatively small fix, Somerset council has yet to take action.
What additional support can the Government provide to ensure that buses can stop at the station safely and improve connectivity in my constituency?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that question.