The Government are committed to regional airports.
I am proudly wearing my “Yes to R2” badge from when we built a second runway at Manchester airport in 2001.
The position is quite the opposite of what my hon.
Friend describes: under the 2018 airports national policy statement, the number of connections from Heathrow to regional airports was expected to increase if Heathrow expanded, increasing productivity in those regions.
Northern Trains runs one train per day on the Gainsborough-Brigg-Cleethorpes line.
Does the Secretary of State agree that one train per day is pretty pointless?
Will she arrange a meeting with the appropriate Minister for me and other affected MPs, so that we can discuss how to secure a better service?
Reliable, frequent train services are important, no matter where in the country we live.
I will ask the Rail Minister for a meeting.
Does the Minister agree that achieving economic growth requires sustained investment in our transport infra- structure?
Would she be willing to visit Glasgow International airport to learn more about how transport infrastructure can assist with the further development of the proposed investment zone in my constituency?
I agree that investment in our transport infrastructure across the country is essential to our growth mission.
I am aware of the investment zone bid involving Glasgow airport, and the aviation Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wythenshawe and Sale East (Mike Kane) , would be delighted to visit in the near future.
I do not know whether the Secretary of State is aware that large swathes of British Airways flights between London and Scotland are automatically cancelled when there are serious weather or technical issues at Heathrow.
British Airways says that if the Secretary of State’s officials, the Civil Aviation Authority, Heathrow and airlines worked together, the number of cancellations could be minimised, even in those circumstances, so will she facilitate those discussions?
The right hon.
Member raises an important point.
The resilience of the UK aviation sector is important, and key to its success, so we will facilitate any discussions to make sure we are always on an improvement trajectory.
Access for disabled people was a condition of opening up planning for the York Central development.
However,  I hear that the condition will be bypassed, and that planning will go ahead without disabled access being put in place.
That clearly impedes disabled people.
Can we ensure that difficult engineering work is undertaken before planning permission is granted?
The accessibility of all modes of transport is extremely important to this Government.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this matter further.
Despite my constituency being only a stone’s throw from Heathrow, we have no direct rail link to the country’s busiest airport.
Last week, Heathrow Southern Railway submitted a business case to the Government.
When will the Government consider it, to ensure that my constituents can get a train to Heathrow?
Alongside the question of how many planes should take off and land at Heathrow, there is the critical question of how people get to the airport.
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point, and I would be happy to discuss it further with him.
Learner drivers in Basingstoke have been left stranded for months—in some cases, years—unable to book a driving test.
That is affecting their jobs, their education and the local economy.
Does the Secretary of State agree that urgent action is needed to extend test centre hours, to ramp up the recruitment of examiners, and to clamp down on the rip-off companies that book multiple slots, only to flog them at higher prices?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise these concerns on behalf of learner drivers.
On  18 December , the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency set out a seven-point plan that recognises the need to fix the driving test booking system, so that we can get new drivers on the road.