What are the Government doing to focus on the justice system, to ensure that war criminals are tried, and justice is brought to the Ukrainian people?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We have always said that this has to be a just peace, and that those who have committed war crimes during the invasion of Ukraine need to be pursued for them.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Yesterday, the leader of my party warned the Prime Minister that we might be facing the worst betrayal of a European ally since Poland in 1945.
The hours since have confirmed our fears.
This is a moment of great peril for us all.
Does the Minister agree that the US’s actions are a betrayal of our Ukrainian friends, who have fought so hard for their freedom, of the UK, and of all our European allies?
Will the Government step up and show British leadership, starting by passing urgent legislation to seize frozen Russian assets, so that we can support Ukraine whatever the US does?
Clearly, in the light of the events of the past 24 hours, the Government need to look again at defence spending.
Does she agree that the decision of the previous Government to continue with a cut to the Army of 10,000 troops at a time when war is raging on our continent now looks utterly unforgivable?
I do not accept what the hon.
Gentleman says about being betrayed by our allies.
The US Defence Secretary has made it clear that he that he wants a durable peace.
That is what he and the President are proceeding to try to obtain, so I do not accept that point.
In terms of our own forces, we are seeking to ensure that recruitment, which has failed to meet targets over the last number of years, is improved, so that the numbers in our armed forces are up to full strength.
I thank the Minister for her statement and the additional support that the Government have announced.
It is essential that the UK supports Ukraine, and that the annual £3 billion pledge continues.
Does she agree that working alongside our allies is even more essential in these turbulent times to bring about an end to the war?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
It is clear that any such negotiations must involve Ukraine, and that the Ukrainians must be happy with the peace that is negotiated.
Our role at present, while fierce fighting is still going on, is to put them in the strongest position that we can, in order to enable them properly to negotiate.
I welcome what the Minister has said from the Dispatch Box.
Does she agree that in this new world, and in the event of any peace deal, the United Kingdom and its European allies must lead in providing Ukraine with military support and, potentially, military presence across land, air and sea, to give Ukraine confidence that any peace will endure?
I assure the Government that they will have my support, if that is what they decide to do.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his remarks.
Of course, when he played a part in these matters he was in office, so he is very knowledgeable  about them.
I can confirm that we aim to put Ukraine in the strongest possible position to enable it to negotiate.
That involves continuing to supply the Ukrainians with the arms and weapons that they need in order to fight, because the fighting is still fierce.
We need to step up and ensure that we do that.
Certainly over the last period, the EU and European nations that are involved in the coalition to support Ukraine have given the majority of military aid and support.
As the Secretary-General of NATO confirmed yesterday, 58% of the support that Ukraine received last year was from European nations, so European nations are stepping up.
We must continue to do so.