Certainly over the last period, the EU and European nations that are involved in the coalition to support Ukraine have given the majority of military aid and support.
As the Secretary-General of NATO confirmed yesterday, 58% of the support that Ukraine received last year was from European nations, so European nations are stepping up.
We must continue to do so.
I welcome the Minister’s comments about Ukraine’s security being indivisible from global security.
Does she agree that the UK must stand firm against those who believe that they can take land through aggression, and that we must continue to send a strong signal around the world that larger nations cannot just grab bits of smaller nations as and when they please?
My hon.
Friend is correct.
As I said in my initial response to the urgent question, it is important that we deter that kind of behaviour wherever it is seen around the world.
It is quite clear from events of the past few hours that the Atlantic and the high north are of increasingly critical concern.
Indeed, I was a member of the Scottish Affairs Committee that considered that in the previous Parliament.
I know that the Government have had conversations with Denmark, but what conversations are they having with our other Joint Expeditionary Force partners to ensure that those forces are given the support and the resources that they need?
The Government have ongoing discussions with our partners in Europe and the high north.
Does the Minister agree that this announcement should not affect the support of this House and the UK for Ukraine, and will she work with our armed forces and our defence industries to do everything possible to support Ukrainian forces on the frontline?
My hon.
Friend is correct.
We are doing that, but we must continue to step up our capacity to support Ukraine with weapons and the force that it needs to deter ongoing aggression, and to ensure that it is in the strongest possible position in any negotiations that it decides to enter.
Will the Government impress on President Trump at every possible opportunity that the reason why appeasement led to world war two was that it left a vacuum in Europe, whereas the reason why the occupation of eastern Europe at the end of that war did not lead to world war three was that the United States filled any possible vacuum and contained further aggression?
If he is going for a settlement against the wishes of the Ukrainian people, the least he can do is guarantee directly the security of that part of Ukraine which remains unoccupied.
No matter which side of the Chamber he is sitting on, the right hon.
Gentleman has a long history of supporting deterrence—whether nuclear or short of that threshold—and he makes the same point again.
The US Secretary of Defence made it clear in his remarks to the contact group that deterrence is important around the world, so I think there is agreement there.
I welcome the announcement of the new £150 million package of military firepower for Ukraine.,
including drones, tanks and air defence systems.
How will that boost Ukrainian resilience and the UK defence sector?
It does both.
There is only one way in which we can provide the Ukrainians with increasing amounts of munitions and drones, which are developing and changing rapidly, and that is by boosting the strength of our defence industries.
That has the additional importance of enabling us to boost our capacity to deter any potential aggression, so in that sense we can do both, and we are doing so.
Viewed from Washington, the idea of carving up the map in Europe might look like a pragmatic deal, even if history tells us that that always ends badly.
Surely we in Europe understand that no matter what we give Vladimir Putin, he will always want more.