Under the new measure, local transport authorities operating under an enhanced partnership will need to identify local services which they consider socially necessary and put in place requirements that must be followed before such services can be changed or cancelled.
They will also need to consider the alternative options that are available.
Last week I held a two-hour question and answer session with Disability Action Yorkshire.
One issue that came up was the inability of disabled people to use their bus passes before 9 o’clock, limiting them in getting to work, accessing leisure opportunities or seeing family and friends.
Does the Minister agree that one of the best ways to improve local bus access would be to be allow disabled people to use their passes before 9 o’clock?
The Government already invest £700 million in the national concessionary travel scheme in order to fund those bus passes, and at the last Budget we announced over £1 billion of funding to support buses.
We changed the formula for BSIP—bus service improvement plans—away from the competitive “Hunger Games” style contests under the previous Government.
The hon.
Member’s local area will have received funding and it is able to use that funding to go above and beyond what is set on a national level.
What steps she is taking to maintain open access railway services.
Open access operators will continue to have a place in our reformed Great British railways.
We have supported new proposals from Wrexham, Shropshire and Midlands Railway, and existing track access rights will be honoured.
Open access can provide benefits, but it must not come at the cost of better services for passengers and better value for taxpayers.
In her recent letter to the Office of Rail and Road, the Transport Secretary appeared to push against open access agreements, yet last week, as she has mentioned today, the Government signalled their intention to support the request to license the Wrexham to London Euston line, which will come through Aldridge in my constituency.
Will the Transport Secretary clarify her position on the Wrexham to Euston line, particularly in regard to the inclusion of Aldridge train station?
As she will be aware, thanks to the Labour mayor, the funding for that station has been raided and put into his pet projects.
I appreciate the right hon.
Lady’s commitment to making the case for a new station at Aldridge, but I gently point out to her that in the 14 years of her party’s Government, including her own stint in the Department for Transport, the station failed to materialise.
The West Midlands combined authority has had to prioritise the delivery of schemes that are in construction.
That seems to me to be a reasonable approach, but I appreciate that she will continue to make the case for her own station.
Open access operator Grand Central already runs five services daily from Sunderland to London King’s Cross through my constituency, but unfortunately they currently do not stop.
My constituents have endured years of poor rail services from Northern Rail, with just one overcrowded two-carriage train an hour, which is often cancelled or delayed.
While I welcome this Government’s investment in 450 new trains for Northern Rail, we need some immediate solutions.
Will the Minister urge the ORR to approve the application from Grand Central to allow these trains to stop at stations in my Easington constituency?
Open access operators currently account for 1% of our railways, and they do not always have the same public service obligations as other train operating companies.
We have always supported open access operators where they genuinely add value and do not divert revenue away from existing operators, all of which are supported by the taxpayer in some form.
I would add that we need to make best use of constrained capacity on the rail network.
Ensuring that the railway can recover from problems on the railways is also important to me.