Does the Minister not agree that the lesson to draw from this is the importance of military strength, working with all our NATO and European allies, but critically being able to stand on our own two feet militarily?
We need to see defence spending as investment, and in that light does she wish we were not giving however many billions of pounds it is to Mauritius and that we could invest that money in our defences instead?
We have a commitment to getting our defence spending back to 2.5% of GDP, and the last time it was at that level was at the time of the last Labour Government.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  24 February  includes:
Monday 24 February —Remaining stages of the Crown Estate Bill [Lords].
Tuesday 25 February —Second Reading of the Institute for Apprenticeships and Technical Education (Transfer of Functions etc) Bill [Lords].
Wednesday 26 February —Opposition day (5th allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Thursday 27 February —General debate on the third anniversary of the war in Ukraine, followed by a general debate on St David’s day.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 28 February —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  3 March  will include:
Monday 3 March —Remaining stages of the Finance Bill.
Tuesday 4 March —All stages of the Church of Scotland (Lord High Commissioner) Bill.
Wednesday 5 March —Estimates day (1st allotted day).
At 7 pm the House will be asked to agree all outstanding estimates.
Thursday 6 March —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 7 March —Private Members’ Bills.
Like some of our leading podcasters, we love a storm cloud or two in business questions.
Sure enough, the poor Government have been desperately hoping that recent events in America would drive the storm clouds away from the UK economy.
Even though the news from Washington DC has been startling, to say the least, it has not been enough to dispel yet another week of adverse economic headlines.
Both the Office for Budget Responsibility and the Bank of England have reportedly downgraded their growth forecasts, the latter cutting its by half, to a measly 0.75% for the year.
So much for the Chancellor’s much-vaunted dash for growth.
Meanwhile, the National Institute of Economic and Social Research has reported that “zero fiscal headroom remains” to deal with any shocks, in the same week that President Trump has announced 25% tariffs on steel.
It is easy to see what has happened here: Labour never expected President Trump to win.
It sent a team over to campaign for his opponent.
The Government passed an anti-growth Budget, and they did not build enough leeway into their financial planning.
Indeed, the Chancellor promised no new taxes or spending.
Now we are having to live with the consequences.
It was also hard to miss the continuing controversy that the Attorney General is creating, and harder still not to notice the extremely critical words of his Labour  colleague, Lord Glasman.
I do not propose to repeat those words here, but they point to two issues that demand this House’s full and proper attention.
In both cases, the concern is not over the legal positions taken by the Attorney General as such, but the contradictions that they offer to the rest of Government policy.
People can agree or disagree about the policy, but the contradictions cannot be fudged.
They cannot be blamed on others, and they require explanation.
The first contradiction is in relation to international law.
On  3 February , the Attorney General told the Council of Europe that the Government would
“never withdraw from the European Convention on Human Rights, or refuse to comply with judgments of the court”.