We have always supported open access operators where they genuinely add value and do not divert revenue away from existing operators, all of which are supported by the taxpayer in some form.
I would add that we need to make best use of constrained capacity on the rail network.
Ensuring that the railway can recover from problems on the railways is also important to me.
Talking of access, several years ago, Greater Anglia demolished half of Wickford station to extend some of the platforms.
However, after nearly three years of endless excuses, missed deadlines and, frankly, broken promises, it still has not rebuilt it.
I regret to say that I have lost all confidence in the senior management of Greater Anglia.
If they told me today was a Thursday, I would double-check it.
Can I go over their head and ask the Secretary of State for a personal meeting with the Rail Minister so that we can finally get Wickford station rebuilt, despite Greater Anglia, rather than because of it?
I will happily ask the Rail Minister to meet the right hon.
Gentleman to ensure that progress can be made at Wickford.
I know that my right hon.
Friend will be delighted by the news that Go-op will be operating a new mandate for return  services between Swindon and Taunton.
Does she agree that this demonstrates the Government’s commitment to improving connectivity across the country?
Can we hope for such improvements to connectivity in my little corner of the world in Berkshire?
I am pleased that my hon.
Friend has raised this proposal, which demonstrates the pragmatic approach we take to open access operators.
Go-op will be the first co-operatively owned train service running anywhere in the UK.
If there are any investors out there thinking about investing in that service, I encourage them to look closely at it.
What assessment she has made of the potential merits of using alternative funding models to purchase rolling stock.
As part of our reforms to the railway, we have set out that we will continue to lease rolling stock when we take contracts into public ownership, but we will apply a single directing mind approach to eliminate barriers to sharing rolling stock better across the network.
We will consider the best funding and financing structures for future orders and contracts in partnership with private capital.
At the moment, the rolling stock leasing companies take more than £1 billion of profit out of the railway.
A substantial amount of that could be reinvested in improving the railway network.
With the Bill for Great British Railways due to come to Parliament soon, will the Secretary of State look seriously at alternative financing models such as EUROFIMA—the European company for the financing of railroad rolling stock—or even a publicly owned ROSCO that could deliver rolling stock at a considerably lower price?
Indeed, will she be more socialist and more ambitious with the Bill?
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that I do not lack any ambition when it comes to Great British Railways.
It would cost billions in taxpayers’ money to buy existing rolling stock, at a time when there are many pressures on the public purse.
My officials have been engaging regularly with EUROFIMA to consider the potential for UK membership and how EUROFIMA finance could be deployed in the UK.
What steps her Department is taking to improve reliability on the east coast main line.
The Department recognises the critical importance of the east coast main line and has invested £4 billion in a combination of infrastructure enhancements and rolling stock upgrades that will help to deliver journey time, reliability and capacity improvements.
The full benefit of this investment will be felt with the introduction of a revised timetable in December 2025.
The Department continues to work closely with Network Rail to explore opportunities to improve performance and resilience.