We will unlock growth across the country in partnership with local leaders, giving power to those with skin in the game, and we will fix the north’s broken transport system—another thing that the Conservatives left in a complete mess—through nearly £1.7 billion for local buses, roads and trams, an additional £415 million to upgrade the trans-Pennine route, and fixing millions of potholes.
Obviously, I will consider my hon.
Friend’s kind invitation.
Since the Prime Minister and I last spoke, more than 6,000 people have signed an open letter to the Health Secretary in support of North Devon district hospital, which faces a 10-year wait for urgent repairs.
Why is that hospital still being denied a ministerial visit, and will the Government consider the trust’s emergency plans and meet me and the trust, so that we can discuss keeping the operating theatres open beyond 2027 to meet capacity?
As I said in our previous exchange, obviously the unfunded promises—the fantasy promises —of the Conservative party meant that the hon.
Gentleman’s hospital would never have been delivered. [
Interruption.]
Conservative Members should not moan; they should apologise to the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents.
We had to take tough decisions to make the programme deliverable, which is what we have done.
We will continue to support the trust to maintain facilities in advance of the new hospital investment, and the Minister for Secondary Care will be visiting that hospital, which I hope will be an opportunity to have the necessary discussions.
Stone Lodge academy, a special school in Ipswich, will be one of the first schools in the country to benefit from a new breakfast club this month.
That is an important step in tackling Suffolk’s decades-long special educational needs and disabilities crisis, as is the multimillion-pound funding settlement given to opening new specialist places across the county.
Will the Prime Minister outline what steps he will be taking to break down the barriers to opportunity further for all children as part of our plan for change?
I am very pleased to say that the first 750 breakfast clubs will open this month.
I am pleased that there is an early adopter in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, as well as in the constituency of the Leader of the Opposition—I am sure she will welcome that one of these weeks.
That will put £450 a year back in the pockets of working people.
Today, we have awarded £37 million to 300 primary schools to create up to 4,000 nursery places from September, making it easier for working families to access Government-funded childcare.
Some 2,700 workers at Scunthorpe steelworks are facing redundancy, plus many more in the supply chain, and many of those people are my constituents.
It is welcome that negotiations are continuing, but whatever the outcome, the local economy is going to need significant support.
All those affected would appreciate it and be reassured if the Prime Minister could give an indication that he was personally taking an interest in this matter, and if at some point in the not too distant future, he would meet me, neighbouring MPs and the council leader to discuss the way forward.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising that.
I do take a personal interest.
A short while ago, I went to Scunthorpe to talk to the management and workers to understand the challenges at first hand and how deeply worrying this will be for those working there, their families and the community as a whole, which is why negotiations are taking place.
I call on the company to accept the offer of financial support that has been advanced, so that we can achieve a sustainable future for the workforce, the industry and the local community, because I believe that there is, and needs to be, a bright future for steel.
As I have said, I do take a personal interest in this.