Will he explain what control we would have over Naval Support Facility Diego Garcia in the event that US and UK defence priorities do not align, and at what level the control over the base lies?
The hon.
Member asks an important question.
The US operates its naval support facility, and although I will not get into the operational details of that for obvious reasons, the full details will be provided.
I can absolutely assure him that we will have control over Diego Garcia and will be working closely with the United States over it.
As we come to the end of this urgent question, I am still no clearer on the substance of this disastrous deal, so the House must now make assumptions.
Given that the Minister is sat next to the Minister for the Armed Forces, can we assume that this deal will be coming out from the Ministry of Defence?
Naturally, the Foreign Office and the Ministry of Defence work closely together on this matter, as indeed Departments do across all Government.
I have been very clear that the terms of the treaty and the associated funding arrangements are still being finalised.
The responsibilities will be managed responsibly within the Government’s fiscal framework.
As for understanding the reasons for this deal and why it is necessary, I suggest that the hon.
Member asks some of his formerly ministerial colleagues on the Conservative Benches.
The Minister is an incredibly honourable man, and he is much liked in this House, so I say this with all gentleness.
My constituents are telling me that the deal with the Indian ocean territory is overwhelming and that the cost factor is  something that they cannot quite understand—and neither can I. Does the Minister understand why pensioners in my constituency and across this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland are wondering why, at a time of reduced help and aid, the Government are handing over sovereignty of land and then renting it back at a cost to the public purse?
Will the Minister outline where the money will come from, when it has been decided that pensioners and ill people on personal independence payments cannot have the support they deserve due to the lack of money within Government?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman asks his question with sincerity, and he is much liked in this place too.
I suggest that he makes it clear to his constituents that a financial element to this deal was crucial to protect operations.
It is crucial for the security of his citizens in Strangford and the citizens of the United Kingdom and of the United States, and our interests overseas.
Some of the figures that have been quoted in the media are simply inaccurate, and of course, this will happen over a 99-year period.
We will not scrimp when it comes to our security.
It is important that we invest in it, and that is exactly what this Government are doing.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Is it relevant to the questions we have just had?
It is linked to the comments of the Liberal spokesperson,  the hon.
Member for Epsom and Ewell (Helen Maguire) .
In her question to the Minister, she noted that the winter fuel payment had been scrapped.
This is simply not true.
The winter fuel payment has not been scrapped, it has been means-tested, and to say otherwise is misleading.
It is similar to when the Liberal Democrat-Tory coalition Government means-tested child benefit—
Order.
I think we have got the gist; it is a point of clarification rather than a point of order, and the hon.
Lady has got it on the record.
Let us move on.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Foreign Secretary to make a statement about the Israeli Government’s announcement that they are expanding their military operations in Gaza.
We are deeply concerned about the resumption of hostilities in Gaza.