Last week I co-hosted a roundtable with the Minister for the Economy in Northern Ireland, Caoimhe Archibald, and business organisations to discuss how we can work together to ensure that the industrial strategy benefits Northern Ireland.
Northern Ireland, like Newcastle-under-Lyme, has a proud industrial heritage.
Can the Secretary of State expand on his answer and give us a flavour of the specific discussions he has had with industry, higher education institutions and the Executive on ensuring that Northern Ireland is right alongside Newcastle-under-Lyme at the heart of the Government’s new industrial strategy?
Northern Ireland does indeed have a great industrial heritage.
Titanic Studios, for example, had been the paint shed for Harland and Wolff, and now it hosts a lot of film making.
Another example is the revival of Harland and Wolff, which, thanks to the takeover by Navantia, will now be building the Navy’s three new fleet solid support ships.
Those are two good examples of Northern Ireland’s strength.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the UK industrial strategy is of deep importance to residents of Northern Ireland, as it is to residents of Erewash, where we are currently in the process of redeveloping New Stanton Park to form a new industrial future from the rubble of our famous former ironworks?
I do indeed, and I wish my hon.
Friend every success with the New Stanton Park redevelopment.
At the roundtable that I co-chaired last week, we had representatives from manufacturing, from cyber, from small businesses such as Alchemy, and from the chambers of commerce for Derry/Londonderry and for Causeway Coast.
Those businesses can see the industrial strategy resulting in great opportunities for the people and businesses of Northern Ireland.
A core objective of the Government’s modern industrial strategy is to unleash the full potential of our cities and regions, which is as true in Northern as it is in my constituency of Harlow.
Does the Secretary of State agree that Northern Ireland’s four city growth deals, which the Government committed to at the Budget, can play a vital role in this?
I wish Harlow every success as well.
The city and growth deals are really important to Northern Ireland’s economic future.
The Government are investing a considerable amount of money, together with the Executive, private sector partners and businesses.
Among the projects that the city and growth deals will support are those relating to digital innovation, decarbonisation and digital health—yet another example of the great strength of the Northern Ireland economy.
If we are to boost productivity, drive clean, green power and build a resilient economy across the UK, collaboration will be essential.
Will the Secretary of State set out what political engagement he has had with business leaders and politicians on working together to deliver the best for Northern Ireland and the United Kingdom?
Last Thursday I visited Foyle port and its innovation park.
A new data centre will be built there to tap into the renewable energy that is available alongside it.
That is a really good example of the port thinking about its economic future and how we will get new businesses in, drawing on the great strength that Northern Ireland has in renewable energy.
I hope we see more such developments.
My constituents in Falkirk saw at first hand the failure of Governments to collaborate in the previous Parliament.
What engagement has the Secretary of State had with political leaders and business and sector leaders, such as those in bus manufacturing, to work together to deliver the best for Northern Ireland?
My hon.
Friend gives me the chance to talk about the great success of Wrightbus, based in Ballymena, which has won a huge new order from Go-Ahead.
It is making the electric and hydrogen buses of the future, and is taking on more staff.
I would encourage anyone across the United Kingdom who is thinking of buying buses for their fleet to see what is available at Wrightbus.