That is the difference a Labour mayor working with a Labour Government delivers for the west of England.
The Prime Minister will know that many in the House will be assuaged by his suggestion that he will act in the national interest in relation to tariffs, but most will not have considered that, in acting in the national interest, what  occurs in Northern Ireland is no longer solely in his control.
He knows that exports from Northern Ireland are UK exports, and rightly so, yet imports to Northern Ireland could be affected as a consequence of EU retaliatory action.
In keeping all his options open, now we have to live in a world of the consequences of the last Government with his support.
Will he indicate whether he is prepared to take steps either to exempt Northern Ireland from EU action or to take retaliatory action if the EU does not do so?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this issue, which is of real importance to his constituents and to everybody in Northern Ireland.
It is a very serious issue.
That is why we need to be calm and pragmatic, and that is what workers and businesses in Northern Ireland would want to see from this Government at a time like this.
We are, as he would expect, looking carefully at the details of any retaliatory tariffs announced by the EU, if they are announced, and what impact they might have on businesses.
As he knows, where goods do not enter the EU, businesses can claim a full reimbursement of any EU duties paid, but I reassure him that the interests of Northern Ireland are at the forefront of our decisions.
He may want to know that this morning the Business Secretary spoke to the Northern Ireland Executive, because this is a serious issue and we need to work together to resolve it in the interests of everybody in Northern Ireland.
While the last Government resorted to damaging keyboard diplomacy, this Government are leading, bringing 14 nations together this week to tackle illegal immigration.
Like the Prime Minister, I have seen at first hand how counter-terror powers can disrupt threats before lives are lost.
That same approach is essential in dismantling the smuggling networks.
Does he agree that it is time that the Conservatives and Reform dropped the posturing, put national security first and backed our borders Bill?
The Conservatives tried an open borders experiment; we are now tackling illegal migration.
They talked about flights; we have already removed 24,000 people with no right to be here.
Under their Rwanda scheme, which was only ever supposed to return, I think, 300 people a year, what we have achieved in nine months would have taken them 80 years.
We have replaced a gimmick with a real deterrent.
The Prime Minister has spoken very movingly, and with genuine sincerity and affection, about his time as a young man in the Langdale valley in the Lake district in my constituency and how that helped to shape him.
I wonder whether he is aware that the hill farmers who maintain those stunning landscapes in the lakes and elsewhere will be earning on average significantly less than or barely half of the national minimum wage due to cuts in their income, despite the fact that they provide the backdrop to the remarkably important tourism economy.
Will he agree to meet me and upland farmers in the lakes and the dales so that we can design a scheme together to end this poverty and equip our hill farmers to produce food and protect our epic landscapes for generations to come?
The hon.
Gentleman and I share a love of the Lake district.
We still go back there with our children.
This is obviously a serious issue, which is why we put a record amount into farming at the Budget and also set out our road map.