A short while ago, I went to Scunthorpe to talk to the management and workers to understand the challenges at first hand and how deeply worrying this will be for those working there, their families and the community as a whole, which is why negotiations are taking place.
I call on the company to accept the offer of financial support that has been advanced, so that we can achieve a sustainable future for the workforce, the industry and the local community, because I believe that there is, and needs to be, a bright future for steel.
As I have said, I do take a personal interest in this.
Too many of my constituents are struggling to obtain an appointment with a GP.
The GPs are trying their best, but they too are struggling, with capacity issues, outdated buildings and outdated technology, all because the Conservative party broke the front door to the national health service.
Can the Prime Minister reassure my constituents that our plan for investment and reform will ensure that they can see a GP when they need one?
We are focused on delivering real results for patients by scrapping unnecessary targets, bringing back the family doctor, and requiring online bookings, which will help deal with the 8 am scramble.
We are investing an additional £889 million to reinforce the front door of the NHS.
That is the biggest increase for more than a decade, and it means that there will be hundreds more GPs since we came to power.
This week, we have announced record investment to enable community pharmacies to deliver more services for patients, and to free up GP time.
A recent NHS England report laid bare the catalogue of failures that left a patient with a history of violent aggression unconfined, untreated and completely unmedicated for nine months, until he killed Ian Coates and the young friends Grace O’Malley-Kumar and Barnaby Webber, from Taunton in my constituency.
Will the Prime Minister join me and the people of Taunton in paying tribute to the families who have campaigned on this matter?
Will he confirm that a public inquiry is to begin?
Given the 50% cut to the cost of integrated care boards, will he also confirm that mental health services, both in the community and secure, will not suffer as a result of those cuts?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that tragic case, and I pay tribute to the families.
When it comes to cases such as this, I often find it hard  to think how I would respond if I were a family member in such circumstances.
I am not sure that I would have the courage that those families have to campaign in the way that they have done, and I pay tribute to them for it.
We need to get to the bottom of all these issues, wherever they may lie, and that is what we will do.
My constituents are struggling to gain access to the healthcare that they desperately need, and one in six Scots is on a waiting list.
Meanwhile, in England, the waiting lists have been coming down for the last five months, and more than 2 million appointments have been made available.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the SNP-led Government should stop blaming everyone else for their failures, when Scotland’s broken public services are their responsibility?
My hon.
Friend is right.
More than 60,000 Scots have been stuck waiting for tests or treatment for over a year.
That is a 46% rise in one year.
I had to check that figure because it is so staggering.
Despite the backlog, nearly 50,000 fewer operations are being performed than were performed before the pandemic.
Let us compare that with the situation in England, where we have driven down waiting lists with more than 2 million extra appointments, and have scrapped NHS England to cut bureaucracy.