Let us move on.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Foreign Secretary to make a statement about the Israeli Government’s announcement that they are expanding their military operations in Gaza.
We are deeply concerned about the resumption of hostilities in Gaza.
The UK does not support an expansion of Israel’s military operations.
Continued fighting and more bloodshed is in nobody’s interest.
All parties, including Israel, must observe international humanitarian law.
We urge all parties to return to dialogue and ceasefire negotiations, ensuring the return of all who have endured unimaginable suffering.
It is clear that this conflict cannot be won by bombs and bullets, but by diplomacy.
Aid should never be used as a political tool.
Israel must restart the flow of aid immediately.
Blocking goods supplies and power from entering Gaza risks breaching international humanitarian law, and it should not be happening.
We are doing everything we can to alleviate that situation.
Gaza is also the most dangerous place in the world to be an aid worker.
Over 400 aid workers have been killed since the start of the conflict.
Despite renewed fighting, the United Nations and humanitarian organisations must be able to deliver their vital work.
A year on from the appalling attack on World Central Kitchen aid workers, lessons have not been learned.
We are appalled at recent attacks on aid workers, which include the attack on a United Nations Office for Project Services guest house and the killing of at least eight Palestinian Red Crescent medics.
Our thoughts are with the victims and their families.
Those responsible must be held accountable.
The Government of Israel must urgently ensure that there are effective deconfliction mechanisms in place to enable agencies to deliver their impartial mandates safely.
On  28 March , the UK and France called an urgent UN Security Council meeting to discuss the risks facing humanitarian aid workers in Gaza.
Since the hostilities resumed, the Foreign Secretary has spoken to Secretary Rubio, special envoy Steve Witkoff, the Israeli Foreign Minister Gideon Sa’ar, the Israeli Minister for Strategic Affairs Ron Dermer, the EU high representative Kallas and the UN emergency relief co-ordinator Tom Fletcher.
A return to a ceasefire is the only way we will bring the conflict to an end and return to negotiations for a lasting peace in the region.
That is the only way to deliver the two-state solution that we all want to see.
Both Israelis and Palestinians have the right to live in peace and security.
The Israeli Government’s brutal decision to expand their military operations in Gaza is not about security; it is about domination and erasure.
It comes on top of 18 months of collective punishment, including, since  2 March , the longest aid blockade since the war began.
I welcome the Minister’s confirmation that the UK does not support the Israeli Government’s expanded military operation in Gaza.
Will he now finally name  what is happening as genocide and undertake a structural investigation into genocide and other crimes under international law committed in Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories?
To ensure that the UK is not complicit in Israel’s ongoing genocide, illegal occupation and system of apartheid, will the Minister immediately suspend the direct and indirect supply, sale or transfer—including transit and trans-shipment—to Israel of all weapons, munitions and other military and security equipment?
Will he immediately suspend the provision of training and other military and security assistance and recognise that, otherwise, there is a clear risk of contributing to the commission of serious violations of international humanitarian law and international human rights law, including crimes under international law?
As the Minister mentioned, the UK is a significant provider of humanitarian aid to the region.
What assessment has he made of the impact of today’s reports on the humanitarian crisis?