Friend gives me the chance to talk about the great success of Wrightbus, based in Ballymena, which has won a huge new order from Go-Ahead.
It is making the electric and hydrogen buses of the future, and is taking on more staff.
I would encourage anyone across the United Kingdom who is thinking of buying buses for their fleet to see what is available at Wrightbus.
Can the Secretary of State further outline what representations he has made to Cabinet colleagues to ensure that the UK industrial strategy pays more than lip service to the position of Northern Ireland’s manufacturing industry, as seen in aerospace, shipbuilding and defence, which has a global reputation for being top-class?
How will he advocate for our own Government to invest in those sectors even further and even better?
I have already pointed out examples of that investment.
To Harland and Wolff, I would add the order that is going to Thales to make more missiles for Ukraine, which will create an additional 200 jobs.
As the answers that I have given demonstrate, Northern Ireland has enormous strengths, and the task of the strategy, and for all of us, is to build on them.
Can the Secretary of State give safeguards for the benefits of the UK industrial strategy, such as economic growth, innovation, and research and development, against the adverse effects of the Windsor framework?
The Windsor framework is a necessity arising from our departure from the European Union, because we have got two trading entities with different rules and an open border, and some arrangement had to be put in place to manage that.
But the goods are continuing to flow both ways across the Irish sea.
I point out to the hon.
Gentleman that the growth rate in Northern Ireland is higher than in the UK as a whole.
Northern Ireland also has the lowest unemployment in the UK.
With regard to international trade, as mentioned by  the hon.
Member for North Down (Alex Easton) , what assessment has made been made of the UK industrial strategy and the impact of US tariffs that may come on goods manufactured in Northern Ireland?
We will discover more later today about the decision that we are told the US Administration are about to make.
Tariffs are not good for any country, and they are not good for the global trading system, but we will have to see what the consequences are.
Any tariffs that the United States of America puts on the United Kingdom will be felt equally in Northern Ireland and in Great Britain.
We will not hesitate to take the action that is necessary to respond, but we are not going to make snap decisions, because we are also trying to negotiate an economic agreement with the United States of America.
An industrial strategy would be very welcome, but is not the reality that any assistance under an industrial strategy in Northern Ireland would be subject to EU state aid rules, that any raw materials for industry in Northern Ireland that come from GB would have to pass through the international EU customs border, and that many goods would have to be made to EU, not UK, standards?
Unless or until we get rid of those hindrances, how do we liberate such a strategy?
As I pointed out in my previous answer, the Windsor framework, which was negotiated by the previous Government and was a huge improvement on  the Northern Ireland protocol, is the only available means of managing the challenge of having two systems, with two different sets of rules, and an open border.
Not all Members of the House may want to recognise that fact, but it is a fact, and we have to deal with it.
The Secretary State will be aware that over the past couple of decades investment from US companies in Northern Ireland has been important for economic growth and for cementing the peace process.