The Government’s commitment to increasing defence expenditure to 2.5% of GDP from April 2027 will provide an opportunity for defence companies in Northern Ireland to secure investment and create jobs.
Teesside has strong and enduring ties with Northern Ireland: we remember the contribution of the late Mo Mowlam and her legacy, as well as the economic ties.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the Government’s historic uplift in defence spending can deepen those ties and ensure jobs and growth across the UK?
I do indeed agree, because it is an opportunity for UK defence businesses, including in Northern Ireland, to take advantage of the increased defence expenditure.
I have already indicated to the House two examples, in Thales and in Harland and Wolff, where the Government are investing in Northern Ireland already.
The UK defence industry supports hundreds of thousands of good jobs and represents UK manufacturing at its best.
Will the Secretary of State outline what the Government are doing to support the defence sector in Scotland and in Northern Ireland?
The most important thing that we are doing is increasing defence expenditure, which will provide the opportunities to which I referred a moment ago.
I also very much welcome the Ministry of Defence’s announcement of a new hub for small and medium-sized enterprises to allow them better access to the defence supply chain.
The MOD has also committed to setting a target by July this year for spending on SMEs.
The Secretary of State might recall that two years ago I launched a report that highlighted that Northern Ireland receives one fifth of the UK average spend on defence.
That incorporates the commitment for Harland and Wolff, which I worked on and greatly welcome.
I also welcome the announcement of a £1.6 billion contract for Thales.
However, does he accept that the previous Government committed to a thorough and thoughtful publication of how they would support continued growth in Northern Ireland’s defence sector?
Will he similarly commit to doing so?
The Ministry of Defence has agreed to deliver precisely that “Safeguarding the Union” commitment through its defence industrial strategy,  which will look at how the UK’s defence, technological and industrial base can contribute to the Government’s growth mission, including in Northern Ireland.
The House of Commons will this afternoon recognise 125 years of the Irish Guards as a British regiment.
When we consider the capacity to arm those who defend us, should we not also continue in our resolve to defend those who stand up for the values of this nation?
In terms of legacy, will the Secretary of State commit to defending those who defended us?
I certainly will.
Those who served in Operation Banner were protecting the people of Northern Ireland and standing up for the values of our country.
We have discussed that a great deal recently, and since I last had the opportunity to address the House, the right hon.
Gentleman will have seen the decision the Ministry of Defence has taken to judicially review the Clonoe inquest verdict—a decision that I support.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of Great British Energy funding on Northern Ireland.
Great British Energy will operate across the whole of the United Kingdom, helping to reduce our reliance on imported gas and bring down energy bills.
UK Ministers and GB Energy will work with Northern Ireland’s Department for the Economy to explore opportunities to increase clean energy deployment by 2030, starting with £1.6 million of funding to the Executive for sustainable energy.
Abandoning the 2050 net zero target shows that the Tory leader has learned nothing from her party’s historic election defeat.
Does the Minister agree that Northern Ireland has a huge amount to gain from this Labour Government, working together with the Northern Ireland Executive on the transition to clean power?
Will she update us on any recent discussions she has had with the Executive?