Nothing’s new.
The Prime Minister talks about inflation.
We left it at 2%.
It is now twice what the OBR forecast when we were in government.
The fact is that his decisions have made our economy fragile, just as we face global trade wars.
In November, I urged him to seize the draft US trade deal that the Conservatives negotiated.
Instead, he lost our most experienced trade  negotiator.
It is no wonder he cannot get a tariff deal for British cars.
The Conservatives secured investments for that industry, with £600 million from BMW, £2 billion from Nissan and £4 billion from Jaguar Land Rover.
Labour’s record is a car industry in crisis, even before tariffs, with 25,000 more jobs now at risk.
He says he is preparing for all eventualities.
Can the Prime Minister tell us exactly what he is doing to protect the British car industry from his failure to negotiate?
We are taking a calm, pragmatic approach and keeping our feet on the ground.
Constructive talks are ongoing on a wider economic prosperity deal with the US.
That is really important at this moment.
We are working with all sectors that are likely to be impacted, and we are guided by our national interest at all times, and that is why we have said we will not rule anything out, but it is important at a moment like this that we do not have knee-jerk reactions and that we are cool-headed about this.
That is why we will not rule anything out.
The right hon.
Lady was the Trade Secretary who failed to get a trade deal with the US.
Today, the Trump Administration will announce new tariffs that will hurt working people in the US and around the world.
Does the Prime Minister agree that, at a time when big tech has grown fat by corrupting our politics and preying on young people, the wrong approach would be to pander to his bullying tactics and the tech billionaires in his imperial court by cutting the digital services tax?
Can he assure the public that the poorest will not get cuts, while the richest get a free ride?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this important issue.
There are issues in relation to Northern Ireland in particular that we have to deal with very carefully.
We will always put the national interest first, and that is why I am pleased that talks are ongoing, and they are constructive talks.
I believe that a trade war is in nobody’s interest, and all of the sectors and industries impacted are of the same view, so we will continue to make that progress in the national interest.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s earlier remarks, particularly about Myanmar and Thailand.
I support the aid; despite the budget cuts, I hope we can be as generous as possible because of the humanitarian crisis there.
The Prime Minister has shown commendable leadership over Ukraine, with his plan for a military coalition of the willing against Putin.
Will he now provide similar leadership with an economic coalition of the willing against Trump’s tariffs and for free trade, so we can avoid a global trade war and a global recession?
Every week the right hon.
Gentleman tries to tempt me to make what I think is a false choice between our relationship with the US and our relationships with other countries, particularly in Europe.
I think that is the wrong choice on defence, on security and on intelligence, for reasons that we have rehearsed across this Chamber.
I also think it is wrong on trade and on the economy.