As I pointed out in my previous answer, the Windsor framework, which was negotiated by the previous Government and was a huge improvement on  the Northern Ireland protocol, is the only available means of managing the challenge of having two systems, with two different sets of rules, and an open border.
Not all Members of the House may want to recognise that fact, but it is a fact, and we have to deal with it.
The Secretary State will be aware that over the past couple of decades investment from US companies in Northern Ireland has been important for economic growth and for cementing the peace process.
As we all await the announcement from the President of the United States later today, will the Secretary of State give some thought to supporting businesses that could be detrimentally affected by any potential tariffs in Northern Ireland?
We are going to have to wait and see what the US Administration decide.
As I have already indicated, the Government will take the steps that are necessary in the national interest, but we are seeking to negotiate an agreement, and that work is continuing, notwithstanding what is announced later today.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
As the House has heard, we are expecting Washington later today to announce the biggest changes to its tariff regime in a generation.
That may cause huge disruption to industry and business throughout the United Kingdom, and that disruption may be particularly felt in Northern Ireland.
What guidance have the Government provided to businesses in Northern Ireland to help them prepare for different scenarios?
We do not yet know, apart from the tariffs on cars and on steel and aluminium, what else the US Administration may announce later today.
But the effects of any tariffs, if imposed, will be felt equally in Northern Ireland and across the rest of the United Kingdom.
We will have to deal with the consequences when we know what the US Administration have decided.
I am afraid that reveals that the Government have provided businesses with no information to help them prepare for the different scenarios that may emerge.
The Secretary of State will be aware that in some scenarios Northern Ireland, because of its unique arrangements, may be particularly disadvantaged in a trade war.
Will he confirm to the House that, if that happens, the Government will be prepared to use article 16 of the Windsor framework to take unilateral safeguarding measures to protect businesses in GB and Northern Ireland?
In respect of tariffs that affect the whole of the United Kingdom, as I have already said to the hon.
Gentleman, we will have to see what they are and take the appropriate action in response.
If the EU retaliates, then there will be an issue in respect of Northern Ireland, as he will be well aware.
However, there is the tariff reimbursement scheme, of which he will also be aware, and that means that, provided those businesses can demonstrate that the goods they have bought from the United States of America are not leaving the United Kingdom, they can get that tariff reimbursed.
What discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Defence on the potential impact of defence expenditure in Northern Ireland on defence supply chain companies in the rest of the UK.
What discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Defence on the potential impact of defence expenditure in Northern Ireland on defence supply chain companies in the rest of the UK.
The Government’s commitment to increasing defence expenditure to 2.5% of GDP from April 2027 will provide an opportunity for defence companies in Northern Ireland to secure investment and create jobs.
Teesside has strong and enduring ties with Northern Ireland: we remember the contribution of the late Mo Mowlam and her legacy, as well as the economic ties.
Does my right hon.