Gentleman and I share a love of the Lake district.
We still go back there with our children.
This is obviously a serious issue, which is why we put a record amount into farming at the Budget and also set out our road map.
I will happily make sure that he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to go through that and to take on board any points he has to make in relation to it.
Hundreds of residents in my constituency at Union Park are facing massive £1 million charges to repair their heating system and for fire safety works that have not been put right by the developer, which has now declared bankruptcy and walked away.
Their new freeholder has washed its hands of responsibility and is instead leveraging huge ground rent bills and fines against those residents.
Does the Prime Minister agree that that is exactly why we have to move forward with our plan, much delayed by the Conservatives, to abolish the outdated leasehold system once and for all as part of our plan for change?
The Deputy Prime Minister is saying, “Absolutely”, in my ear.
We will end the feudal leasehold system which has left millions of homeowners subject to unfair costs and unreasonable practices.
Our reforms include clear standards for repairs and maintenance, and that will give homeowners a greater say in how their homes are managed.
I know the Housing Minister will have heard what my hon.
Friend said.
This Labour Government have failed the British public at every turn: they have abandoned the WASPI women, leaving them without the compensation they deserve; they have turned their backs on pensioners by failing to support the winter fuel allowance; they have let down children by keeping the two-child benefit cap in place; and they will inflict further hardship on the most vulnerable by slashing £5 billion from benefits.
Perhaps the most immediate and visible failure, which poses an immediate and direct health risk to the people of Birmingham, is the appalling financial mismanagement of Labour-run Birmingham city council.
After more than a decade of Labour control, that council’s incompetence has led to mountains of uncollected rubbish piling up on every street, so large that they can be seen by satellites orbiting in space.
It is nothing short of a disgrace and a damning indictment of Labour’s inability to govern.
Will the Prime Minister take urgent action to protect public health and the people of Birmingham by immediately deploying the—
Order.
We are meant to ask quick questions, otherwise nobody is going to get in.
I have said that the situation in Birmingham council is completely unacceptable, but the hon.
Gentleman might want to tell his constituents that we have delivered 2 million extra appointments for the NHS, so waiting lists are coming down for them.
We have delivered a £1,400 increase in the national living wage, including for his constituents, and we have got record investment into this country, growing the economy, including for his constituents.
My constituents are grafters—they want to work, and they want to see opportunities created and the skills and investment in infrastructure that we need for the future.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s commitment to fix the transport system in the north of England, which has been holding us back, and I invite him to the Atom Valley development zone in my constituency to discuss how we can create skilled jobs in north Greater Manchester.
I am grateful for my hon Friend’s question.
We will unlock growth across the country in partnership with local leaders, giving power to those with skin in the game, and we will fix the north’s broken transport system—another thing that the Conservatives left in a complete mess—through nearly £1.7 billion for local buses, roads and trams, an additional £415 million to upgrade the trans-Pennine route, and fixing millions of potholes.
Obviously, I will consider my hon.
Friend’s kind invitation.