Will the Minister ensure that any future discussions with Northern Ireland Ministers about public sector reform include the need for employment practices and procedures in many parts of the public sector to result in workforces that are more broadly representative of the working-age population?
The Unionist community has been under-represented in many sectors, including for many years in the public sector.
Workforce challenges are a huge part of public service transformation.
Workers across Northern Ireland do fantastic work in health, education and justice, and they need to be supported to do that and to be representative of the community.
Workforce issues are devolved, but they are important, and supporting our workforce, and working with unions to do so, is an important part of our working together in an active partnership with the Executive.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I wish to inform the House about my recent trip to Ukraine.
It was at the invitation of Mr Ruslan Stefanchuk, Chairman of the Rada of Ukraine.
I joined Speakers from across Europe in a memorial service to mark the third anniversary of the Bucha massacre and to hear the important testimony of the survivors of that terrible atrocity.
I also delivered a speech at the Bucha summit, which was opened by the President of Ukraine.
I took with me specific cross-party messages of solidarity from the House of Commons, the Prime Minister, the Leader of the Opposition and the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
The appreciation felt by the people of Ukraine for the support offered by this House and the people of the United Kingdom should not be underestimated. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
Indeed, in his nightly address on Monday, President Zelensky explicitly expressed his thanks to the United Kingdom for the support provided to Ukraine.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 2 April.
To pick up on your comments, Mr Speaker, on Monday night I spoke to President Zelensky.
He wanted me to pass on his   thanks to you for attending in Ukraine, particularly on the third anniversary of the massacre at Bucha.
I have been to Bucha, and this is a terrible, terrible third anniversary.
We have been preparing for all eventualities ahead of the confirmation of US tariffs later today.
Let me be clear with the House: a trade war is in nobody’s interests.
The country deserves, and we will take, a calm and pragmatic approach.
That is why constructive talks are progressing to agree a wider economic prosperity deal with the US.
It is why we are working with all industries and sectors likely to be impacted.
Our decisions will always be guided by our national interest.
That is why we have prepared for all eventualities and will rule nothing out.
Our deepest sympathies are with the people of Myanmar and Thailand.
We are sending immediate lifesaving support to assist their efforts.
May I also extend my personal condolences to the family, friends and colleagues of Christina McKelvie?
She was much loved and will be sorely missed, especially by our Scottish National party colleagues here and in Scotland.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
This week, the full state pension will rise by £472 a year, putting money in the pockets of pensioners in Glasgow and across the United Kingdom.
Does the Prime Minister agree that this rise is possible only because of Labour’s plan for change and our commitment to the triple lock?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We can commit to the triple lock because we have restored stability after the Conservatives crashed the economy.
That means that, next week, 12 million pensioners will receive up to £470 more—that is an extra £1,900 over this Parliament—including 1 million pensioners in Scotland.
The contrast could not be clearer.