Will he immediately suspend the provision of training and other military and security assistance and recognise that, otherwise, there is a clear risk of contributing to the commission of serious violations of international humanitarian law and international human rights law, including crimes under international law?
As the Minister mentioned, the UK is a significant provider of humanitarian aid to the region.
What assessment has he made of the impact of today’s reports on the humanitarian crisis?
Although he touched on this lightly, given the UK’s level of influence with Israeli authorities, will he confirm that he will use his position to actively oppose current and planned attempts by Israel to establish a permanent military presence in Gaza, and to oppose moves to alter Gaza’s borders and demographic make-up or to shrink its territory, including through any expanded buffer zones and construction of permanent checkpoints?
The hon.
Lady asked a series of important questions.
As I have said to the House on a number of occasions, determinations of breaches of international law are for competent courts and we support those courts in their work.
On weapons, I want to be clear that we continue to stand by the assessments that we made soberly in September and the suspension of licenses that that involved.
The hon.
Lady asked about the UK’s view on a permanent presence in Gaza.
I am happy to restate our policy now.
We welcome the proposal by Arab nations, called the Arab initiative, which would allow for a reconstruction of Gaza, the safe return of Palestinians who have been displaced, and for those remaining in Gaza to rebuild their lives without forced displacement, which we oppose.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
We have had several urgent questions and statements on Gaza over the last few months.
Each time, I have come to the Chamber and asked the Government: what is plan B?
What is plan B when Israel ends the ceasefire, which is what has happened?
What is plan B when Israel’s far-right Government choose their survival over the lives of the remaining hostages, which is what seems to have happened?
What is plan B when annexation of either the west bank or Gaza is not just threatened but actually happens, which is what is happening now?
My question is this: what are the Government doing to turn our allies’ heads from American trade wars and towards the tragedy unfolding in the middle east, to do whatever they can to restore a ceasefire and the road to peace?
My right hon.
Friend, who has been pressing on these issues for some time, is right to raise those questions.
She asks whether there is a plan B. In  all of my experience, there can be no plan B in Israel-Palestine; there is only one route, which is widely understood by our allies in the region and beyond, and it must be a two-state solution.
The route to a two-state solution must involve compliance with international humanitarian law.
It is clear even from the short exchange that we have already had in the Chamber that the British Government’s policy and the Israeli Government’s policy differ.
They will continue to differ until we return to a pathway to a two-state solution.
There is no plan B. Our plan A is for a two-state solution, and we will work with our allies in the region, on the Security Council—as we did on Friday—and closer to home in order to pursue those arguments.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
Thank you for granting the urgent question, Mr Speaker.
This is clearly a difficult and dangerous moment for the middle east.
A way must be found through the dreadful impasse that has led to the breakdown of the ceasefire agreement.