(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the status of the negotiations surrounding the future sovereignty of the British Indian Ocean Territory.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her question.
As we and Mauritius have repeatedly said, including in joint statements on  20 December  and  13 January , both sides remain committed to concluding a deal on the future of the Chagos archipelago that protects the long-term effective operation of the joint UK-US base on Diego Garcia.
We are now working with Mauritius to finalise the agreement, and although it is in everybody’s interest to progress the deal quickly, we have never put an exact date on it, and we do not intend to do so now.
Following signature, the Government will bring forward a Bill to enable the implementation of the treaty, and Parliament will of course have the opportunity to scrutinise the treaty in the usual way before ratification.
I repeat that the Government inherited a situation in which the long-term future of the military base was under threat.
This deal is rooted in a rational and hard-headed determination to protect UK security and that of our allies.
It will protect the base on Diego Garcia, and cement the UK and US presence in the Indo-Pacific for generations to come.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.
It is incredibly disappointing that, only a day after Foreign Office oral questions, Ministers have had to be hauled back to the House to explain what is going on.
Yesterday at lunch time, Downing Street briefed that the agreement between the UK and Mauritius, under which the UK would give away the Chagos islands and pay for the privilege, has been finalised.
That was not said in this House yesterday.
The Prime Minister of Mauritius has also issued a public statement confirming that.
Despite being interrogated on this botched deal in the Chamber yesterday, Ministers gave no indication of this very significant development.
We are still completely in the dark about fundamental questions of enormous importance.
How many billions of pounds of hard-pressed British taxpayers’ money will we be expected to fork out to lease back territory that we already own?
This comes as vulnerable pensioners are having their winter fuel payments ripped away, and family farms and businesses are being punished with new taxes by this Labour Government.
What safeguards will be in place to protect the military base on Diego Garcia from other states that may try to establish a foothold on the archipelago?
Ministers have so far refused to publish even a map of the buffer zone.
What happens to the vital military base on Diego Garcia at the end of the treaty, and what kind of sovereign rights, if any, will we be able to exercise over Diego Garcia in the meantime?
The Prime Minister of Mauritius says that he forced changes to the arrangements on the exercise of sovereign rights and the lease extension.
Will the Minister finally  confirm that the account given by the Prime Minister of Mauritius is correct?
He cannot simply stand here and avoid these questions.
The House does deserve answers; so do the British public—the taxpayers.
Put simply, the British Indian Ocean Territory should remain British, but Labour has prioritised appeasing the whims of left-wing lawyers and activists, rather than standing up for our national interests.
It is high time this deal was ditched.
Finally, there have been reports of implied military threats to the Chagos islands, a British sovereign territory—Labour Members may laugh, but this issue is fundamental to the security of our country—from the regime in Tehran.
The Iranian regime has threatened this space.
These purported military threats are important.
We understand that, in response to such reports, there has been an unusual build-up of American bomber aircraft and equipment-carrying aircraft at the joint UK-US military base on Diego Garcia.