I had to check that figure because it is so staggering.
Despite the backlog, nearly 50,000 fewer operations are being performed than were performed before the pandemic.
Let us compare that with the situation in England, where we have driven down waiting lists with more than 2 million extra appointments, and have scrapped NHS England to cut bureaucracy.
Scotland’s NHS is in desperate need of reform, but the Scottish National party has no strategy, no plans and no ideas.
Earlier, the Prime Minister seemed reluctant to answer a direct question about his jobs tax.
Next time he visits my constituency to enjoy the beautiful Buckinghamshire surroundings of Chequers, will he go five minutes up the road to Wendover, and explain to Kate Rumsey of Rumsey’s Handmade Chocolates why his choices and those of his Chancellor have led to a 15% increase in costs for that business?
As a result, it has already had to lay people off, and has had to reduce the hours of those whom it still employs.
Is that what he meant by growth?
I am happy to tell anyone why: the Conservatives left a £22 billion black hole.
They crashed the economy, they ruined our public services  and, as we mend and rebuild the country, they carp from the sidelines.
Even now, they cannot bring themselves to say that they do not want the investment, or that they will reverse the decisions we have made.
They actually agree with the decisions we have made, because we are clearing up the mess that they left.
One year ago yesterday, my constituent James Henderson was killed with other aid workers from World Central Kitchen when taking humanitarian aid into Gaza.
Jim’s family have told me that he would want confirmation from our Government that we are taking all conceivable steps to make sure that aid, power and supplies are safely returned to Gaza.
Could the PM confirm that he is doing all he can to ensure this?
Could he also confirm that he will continue to push for a full investigation into the death of Jim and the other British WCK workers to be completed, and for appropriate action to be taken?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this appalling incident, and our thoughts remain with the families of Jim, John Chapman and James Kirby.
Attacks on aid workers are never justified.
The families deserve justice, and we are pressing the Israeli Government to accelerate their investigation, including into whether criminal proceedings should be initiated.
Israel must stop blocking aid to Gaza, the hostages must be released, and we must have an urgent resumption of the ceasefire.
Double child rapist and murderer Colin Pitchfork is up for parole for the fifth time.
I know the Prime Minister does not have direct control—nor should he—over the Parole Board, but he does have a view.
I have asked this of all his predecessors, and I will now put the question to him: does he agree that men who brutally rape and strangle to death young women should, as a matter of a principle, spend most of their natural life in prison?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising this appalling case, and I absolutely agree with him that there must be maximum penalties for anyone falling into that category.
I saw many of these cases for myself, at first hand, when I was a prosecutor for five years, and worked with the police on really terrible cases, and I know the impact that such crime has on victims.
I thank him for raising this.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the status of the negotiations surrounding the future sovereignty of the British Indian Ocean Territory.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her question.