Before the election he pledged to freeze council tax.
Instead, it is going up everywhere, even in Birmingham, where 17,000 tonnes of rubbish goes uncollected on the streets.
Does the Prime Minister regret promising the British people that he would freeze their council tax, when he has so obviously failed?
I have to ask the right hon.
Lady this: if she does not want people to be poorer, why did she not resign when she was in government?
The last Government put up council tax for 12 years in a row.
She, I think, was actually the Minister responsible for council tax and, in that year, what did she do?
She put it up.
Even now the Local Government Association Conservative Group manifesto states, on page 9, its current position:
“We ask that that the Government removes the caps on Council Tax”.
Who is leading the charge?
Hampshire county council wanted a 15% hike; we said no.
Slough council wanted a hike; we said no.
Windsor and Maidenhead council—was Tory, now Lib Dem—wanted a hike, and we said no.
It is no surprise that council tax is £300 cheaper under Labour councils than under Tory councils.
The Prime Minister does not want to talk about Birmingham, and that is because he knows the situation.
I will say it again: 17,000 tonnes of rubbish on Birmingham’s streets.
Normally, a state of emergency is called for natural disasters, not Labour ones.
His policies have left our economy dangerously fragile.
The Chancellor, once again, left herself no room for manoeuvre.
Economic experts, real economists, say that she will either have to break her fiscal rules or put up taxes—which will it be?
I think the right hon.
Lady must have picked up the script she was using a few weeks ago, because only then she was saying that we were going to put up taxes in the spring statement.
The situation in Birmingham is completely unacceptable, and I fully support the council in declaring it a major incident to resolve the situation.
We will put in whatever additional support is needed.
When the Conservatives were in government, we lost more days to strike action than in any year since the 1980s.
NHS workers were on the picket line, not on the frontline, and that sent waiting lists through the roof, so we will take no lectures on industrial harmony from the Conservatives.
The whole House would have heard that the Prime Minister did not say whether he could keep to his fiscal rules.
That means it is either change that or put up taxes.
Nine months ago, we left Labour the fastest-growing economy in the G7. [
Interruption.]
We did.
I remember watching his MPs laughing at their first destructive Budget.
They have had another one that has made our economy dangerously vulnerable.
The Bank of England says that his policies have pushed up the cost of living for families.
Does he disagree with the Bank, or does he accept his policies mean higher bills?
The right hon.
Lady must be the only person left in the country who actually thinks the Tories did well on the economy when they were in power.
That was what was tested at the last election.
Living standards were the worst on record, and inflation soared up to 11%.
The NHS was on its knees.
She is so obsessed with talking down the country that she has not read the OBR forecast properly.
Growth is up in 2026, in 2027, in 2028 and in 2029.
That is thanks to our planning reforms, the largest growth measure the OBR has ever costed.
What did the Tories do when that Bill came before Parliament?
They abstained.
We do not grow the economy or build houses by abstaining.
They are the same old party.
They have not changed.
Nothing’s new.
The Prime Minister talks about inflation.
We left it at 2%.