The truth is very simple: all Governments around the world, including the Northern Ireland Executive, have choices to make, with the resources available, as to whether they seek to raise revenue to fund more things, including further investment in health.
Those are choices for the Executive to make, but if they do not make those choices, they will have less funds than would otherwise be available to them.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Yesterday, Belfast Chamber, which represents 600 businesses, warned that many Northern Irish businesses are being forced to freeze growth plans, halt recruitment and, in some cases, cut jobs to absorb rising costs as a consequence of the rising employer national insurance contributions due to take effect in just four days.
What assessment has the Northern Ireland Office made of the impact of those tax rises on small and medium-sized enterprises, and what practical discussions is the Secretary of State having with the Northern Ireland Executive to support SMEs, which are the future of Northern Ireland’s growth?
Of course the increase in employer’s national insurance will be difficult for some firms—that is clearly the case—but, as I said, the North Ireland economy is growing faster than the rest of the United Kingdom and has low unemployment.
The rest of today’s questions time has highlighted the huge areas of potential that the Northern Ireland economy has to continue to grow and create new jobs and businesses.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Northern Ireland Farming Minister estimates that three quarters of dairy farms in Northern Ireland could be hit by inheritance tax following the Chancellor’s disastrous changes.
Given the particularly high cost of agricultural land compared with farming incomes in Northern Ireland, does the Secretary of State recognise that the Budget is a direct threat to family farms and thousands of livelihoods across Northern Ireland?
The figures the hon.
Gentleman just referred to do not reflect the Treasury’s assessment of the number of farms that will be affected, which is based on claims submitted in the past.
I understand the farming industry’s concerns, but the Treasury is clear that, first, it will not hit the majority of farms and, secondly, we have to do something about very big landowners who buy a lot of land to avoid inheritance tax.
What discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on best practice for public sector reform.
Public sector reform is a priority for this Government, and I regularly meet with Northern Ireland Executive Ministers, unions and public service providers.
Most recently, the Government and Executive agreed £129 million of funding for public service transformation for health, special educational needs, justice and waste water.
I welcome what the Minister said about public service reform being a shared challenge.
Does she agree that it is in the interests of patients and people in Northern Ireland and England for the Executive and the Government to share knowledge and best practice?
I absolutely agree.
Public service transformation is not just about funding; it is about how to spend the money that the Northern Ireland  Executive has with the record £18.2 billion settlement.
Health is devolved, but we work together to share best practice and expertise, as well as recently agreeing £61 million of funding for multidisciplinary teams in GP surgeries.
We will work together to create an NHS fit for the future, and I will be meeting the Health Minister again in Northern Ireland this week.
Will the Minister ensure that any future discussions with Northern Ireland Ministers about public sector reform include the need for employment practices and procedures in many parts of the public sector to result in workforces that are more broadly representative of the working-age population?
The Unionist community has been under-represented in many sectors, including for many years in the public sector.
Workforce challenges are a huge part of public service transformation.