I am painfully aware of the good fortune and opportunities I have had in life.
I have benefited from a loving family and been provided with the opportunities to fulfil my potential.
Sadly, that is not the case for all, so during the course of my time in this House I will seek to champion the early years agenda, so that we give young people the best chance in life.
I will also seek to work with Members from across the House to improve SEND provision in this country, so that we can move the conversation away from the level of disability and focus instead on the level of intervention, and ensure that every child can access the curriculum and achieve their potential, irrespective of the hurdles they face, because it is only by investing in our young people that we invest in our society.
Those of us who choose to enter the political arena have a duty to conduct ourselves with tolerance, dignity and respect.
These are the values that the public rightly expect of us, and in this, my maiden speech, I make a promise to my constituents that these are the values that I will uphold for as long as they are gracious enough to send me to this place.
I congratulate you, Madam Deputy Speaker, on being elevated to the position of First Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means.
Those of us who know you are very pleased to see you in that position.
I believe that you will be impartial and fair to everyone, as you always are.
I look forward to you calling me to speak and intervene in debates on many occasions.
What a pleasure it is to see the Ministers in their place.
The Secretary of State was here earlier, and the Minister of State,  the hon.
Member for Newcastle upon Tyne North (Catherine McKinnell) , is here now; I look forward to her summing up.
The contribution of the shadow Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for East Hampshire (Damian Hinds) , was also excellent.
We have had wonderful maiden speeches today from Conservative, Liberal Democrat and Labour Members.
The House has been enriched by the combination of contributions, including the intervention of  the hon.
Member for Lagan Valley (Sorcha Eastwood) , who will make her maiden speech at a later stage, as other Members from Northern Ireland have.
I especially thank  the hon.
Member for Harlow (Chris Vince) , whose story about young carers resonated with me in particular,  as I have had an interest in this area over the years.
I think it resonated with everyone, to be truthful, but it resonated with me because I know young carers in my constituency.
Perhaps they were not the best students, but they had reasons for it.
The story that he told may be 10 years old, but it is still relevant today, and I thank him for it.
It is so important that we have debates on education.
I have said in this place so many times that our young people truly are the future.
To ensure that they have the tools needed to succeed, we have to make difficult decisions.
Education is devolved in Northern Ireland, so Ministers here do not have respond on it.
They do not have to take any notice, and they do not need to say to themselves, “I must reply to the hon.
Member.”
They might wish to say something, but they do not have any responsibility for our education.
However, I want to give a Northern Ireland perspective, as I always do, and make two points.
There are so many opportunities out there for young people.
Some may know what route they want to take in life, and for those who do not, there are other options.
Education may not be everybody’s option, as the hon.