In answer to the shadow Secretary of State’s question earlier, that will be delivered in partnership with the sector to ensure that it meets the needs of children and parents.
We know that childcare needs do not end when school starts.
When a child moves up to primary school, in England, they will benefit from the roll-out of free breakfast clubs in every primary school in England.
This will drive up attainment, improve behaviour and attendance, and enable parents to start work on time and support their families.
It will set children up for the day and set them up to achieve, because it is as much about the club as it is about the breakfast.
Being in the classroom at the start of the day matters.
Schools have a unique power to open up enormous opportunities for their pupils, with teachers and support staff who make a mark on every child’s life.
That includes supporting children with special educational needs  and disabilities to flourish, but across that system we have to acknowledge the many challenges that we face.
Our buildings are substandard, our children are too often unhappy in school and our support staff feel underappreciated.
We have to do better.
So many Members today have touched on the crisis in support for those with special educational needs and disabilities, including my hon.
Friend  the Member for Dulwich and West Norwood (Helen Hayes) , who I know has worked tirelessly on this issue for many years, and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Dartford (Jim Dickson) , who also spoke passionately today.
This Government will help schools to take a community-wide approach to SEND, improving their capability to accommodate pupils in mainstream settings and supporting them to flourish.
Last week, I visited the brilliant Croftway academy in Northumberland.
It demonstrates how children of different abilities and needs can have the highest standard of education in a mainstream setting, but we also need to ensure that special schools can cater for those with the most complex needs.
For those struggling with the pressures of school life, this Labour Government will fund mental health support in every secondary school and in every community so that they can access support before problems escalate.
I know that mental health is a priority for many in this place, as was powerfully described by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aylesbury (Laura Kyrke-Smith)  in her speech.
As shadow Schools Minister, I heard many stories of decisions being taken about our schools that just did not factor in the needs of communities.
There was delay that turned to disappointment and frustration.
I have seen this in my own constituency with a lack of proper planning causing chaos to school admissions in Gosforth this year, and countless stories of failure are replicated across the country.
So under Labour, schools will need to co-operate with their local authority on school admissions, on SEND inclusion and on place planning.
No more of the chaos that we have seen over the last few years.
We want children to leave school with the skills and knowledge to set them up for life.
That means a broad and balanced curriculum that encourages them to try new things, ask questions, express themselves and be creative while also gaining an excellent foundation in reading, writing and maths.
So we are establishing an expert-led review on the curriculum and will collaborate with the sector to allow schools, teachers, parents and students to contribute and to plan ahead.
On the question of removing exemptions for private schools, which has been raised, this change will enable vital investment in more teachers and improved nursery provision.
I commend the contribution from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Harlow (Chris Vince) , a former maths teacher.
While we are delighted that he is in his place, we need to ensure that we have more maths teachers in our state schools.
My hon.