I am the first ever Labour MP to represent this corner of Berkshire.
I offer my thanks to my constituents who have put their trust in me, and in this new Labour Government, to serve them.
It is now for me and colleagues on the Labour Benches to deliver the change that we have promised.
I take that duty seriously, and although change cannot come overnight, it is time to begin the steady task of building a better future for Bracknell and for the country.
My predecessor, James Sunderland, represented Bracknell through a challenging Parliament dominated by a global pandemic and two major international wars.
I pay tribute to the manner in which he served during that difficult period.
James was an advocate for the eradication of malaria, a disease that he saw in action while serving overseas in the Army.
He was also a champion for special educational needs—a cause that I will be proud to take up as his successor.
In his maiden speech, James remarked that
“politics is ultimately about service.
”—[Official Report,  9 March 2020 ; Vol.
673, c. 98.]
We disagreed about many things during the election campaign, as Members would expect, but on that we were and are agreed: politics is ultimately about service.
This year is the 75th anniversary of Bracknell being designated a new town.
In 1949, after the war, Britain was facing a housing crisis, and a Labour Government established new towns such as Bracknell to address a  burning need for more social housing.
I am proud that in 2024, a new Labour Government facing a new housing crisis are again committed to developing the next generation of new towns, in order to build a better future for families struggling to find safe and secure housing.
This next generation of new towns would do well to look at the success of Bracknell: a sense of community has been embedded by good town planning; transport links and active travel have been designed into the fabric of the town; and we are home to many national and international businesses, including in the tech and life sciences sectors.
My constituency’s long and proud history did not start in 1949.
The new town of Bracknell was originally a small market town in the parish of Warfield, some of which lies within the new constituency boundaries.
I am also proud to be the MP for Crowthorne, which is a beautiful, peaceful village, yet one that has a long history of automotive innovation.
Everyone in this House will have benefited from the new road signs, mini-roundabouts, zebra crossings and speed humps that were designed and tested at the Transport Research Laboratory based in Crowthorne.
In the south of my constituency lies the town of Sandhurst.
It is, of course, home to the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, where British Army officers receive their training.
The close relationship between the academy and the town is commemorated every four years with the Sandhurst freedom march, marking Bracknell Forest council’s decision in 1997 to grant the freedom of the borough to the academy.
I was privileged to attend this year’s march, which happened to take place in the middle of the election campaign; it was an important opportunity to pause and honour those who serve.
As I have said, before my election I was a university lecturer, and before that I was a secondary school teacher.
I have also been a primary school governor, so I have worked in education at all levels.
Given that, it is no surprise that I would be keen to make my maiden speech on a topic that is of great importance to me and to this whole House: that of education.
I welcome the Secretary of State for Education’s commitment to breaking down the barriers to opportunity for all children, her announcement today of a pause and review of the defunding of technical qualifications, and her laser-like focus on raising standards in early years education.