It is persistence in the pursuit of opportunity that brings my constituents together to provide for others, as exemplified by the brilliant work of Thorn Athletic; the community bus service launched by Kilbarchan’s John McBarron, who stepped out of retirement to help fellow residents by filling a hole in local transport provision; and the West End Growing Grounds Association, which provides raised beds to help grow food and prevent food poverty in the local community.
It was persistence in the pursuit of justice that gave us the infamous Paisley snail, which formed the basis of tort law.
These are all ordinary people doing extraordinary things, and they are heroes, every one of them.
My constituents know that good work should provide not simply the bare necessities that people need to live, but the means by which they enjoy a good life—like our famous poet, Robert Tannahill, who knew how to weave threads and verses alternately.
St Mirren football club provides huge enjoyment to many people across the constituency, and I hope that the entire House, including my hon.
Friend  the Member for Inverclyde and Renfrewshire West (Martin McCluskey) , whose constituency includes St Mirren’s arch rivals, Greenock Morton, will send its best wishes to the club as it heads to Iceland tomorrow to face Valur FC in the UEFA conference league second qualifying round—its first European tie since 1987.
I know the value of people being able to send time appreciating the beauty of the natural world.
We have the beautiful Gleniffer Braes, with its highland cows, the Clyde Muirshiel regional park, and the tranquillity of the Lochwinnoch RSPB nature reserve, one of the few remaining wetlands in the west of Scotland, where people can watch whooper swans, widgeon, goldeneye  and, if they are very lucky, the elaborate displays of the great crested grebe.
It would be remiss of me if I did not mention the enrichment provided in everyone’s life by the pets of Paisley and Renfrewshire South, many of whom I had the pleasure of meeting on the doorstep during the campaign.
Let me conclude with this message to the voters of Paisley and Renfrewshire South.
I will fight for you every day with every fibre of my being.
I will work with everybody in the House who has a genuine desire to improve the lives of the most vulnerable people in our communities, because one person living in poverty is one person too many, and we must work together to do everything in our power to combat that.
JFK once said:
“Let us never negotiate out of fear.
But let us never fear to negotiate.”
That is the motto to which I held true as a trade union negotiator.
We must ensure that we do everything we can to lift people out of poverty and provide good jobs with decent terms and conditions that allow people to thrive, not just survive, because people need bread, but they need roses too.
It is privilege and a pleasure to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Gravesham (Dr Sullivan) , who, like me, worked in teaching and the university sector before entering this place.
My background is in humanities while hers is in science, and I know that we will both have to resist the urge to tell anyone off for speaking at the back of the class during our time here.
It is the honour of my life to rise and offer my maiden speech as the Member of Parliament for Bracknell, Crowthorne, Sandhurst and Whitegrove.
I am the first ever Labour MP to represent this corner of Berkshire.
I offer my thanks to my constituents who have put their trust in me, and in this new Labour Government, to serve them.
It is now for me and colleagues on the Labour Benches to deliver the change that we have promised.