The confluence of the M1, the M6 and the M45 near Rugby places us firmly in the logistics golden triangle.
Notwithstanding this logistical good fortune, Rugby’s potential lies primarily with its people.
We have been blessed, and still are, by people who innovate, challenge norms and think creatively.
Let us take sport: a plaque at Rugby School records that, in 1823, the legendary local schoolboy William Webb Ellis,
“with a fine disregard for the rules of football, took the ball in his arms and ran with it”.
Although my connection with the game of rugby as a player was, I confess, somewhat underwhelming, I am proud to say that my dad, who is in the Gallery, played for England as a schoolboy.
I will not join the House rugby team, but I might join a reformed House rock band.
I am acutely aware of how dangerous such statements can be, given that yesterday I wandered innocently into a meeting of an all-party parliamentary group, and wandered out slightly bewildered as vice-chair.
As a classically trained violinist and semi-retired rock musician, I am glad to represent a constituency filled to the brim with talented people.
I will bang the drum and strum a chord for them.
Rugby was the birthplace of the poet Rupert Brooke, whose words
“That there’s some corner of a foreign field that is forever England”
epitomised a quiet, contemplative English patriotism.
We have spawned famous rock bands and musicians, from Spacemen 3 to James Morrison.
The creative arts scene is thriving, with fantastic local bands of all genres, an orchestra, dance schools, Rugby theatre for amateur dramatics, galleries and much more.
The sporting scene is vibrant, with several rugby football and football teams, and a plethora of clubs in the town and villages, where selfless volunteers offer pretty much every sport to the community.
Rugby also has a proud track record of technological innovation.
As hon.
Members get on a jet plane this week, they should think of Rugby, as the prototype of the first jet engine was built by Sir Frank Whittle at the British Thomson-Houston works in the town in 1937.
At the same site a decade later, a young Hungarian refugee Dennis Gabor invented holography.
I live in hope that holographic technology advances so far that, one day, MPs can be beamed into multiple locations, to assist with our busy diaries.
Until recently, dozens of giant masts formed part of the world’s most powerful radio transmitter.
In 1927, the site was instrumental in the first transatlantic telephone call.
I believe in maintaining the strongest possible transatlantic alliance, so I am proud that Rugby played its part in deepening the ties between our two great nations.
That pioneering industrial and scientific prowess persists.
Today, GE Vernova builds world-leading advanced generators, including for Royal Navy vessels.
At Ansty Park we have the Manufacturing Technology Centre, the London Electric Vehicle Company—which makes the electric cabs in which many of us newbies may have been moved around in recent days—and FANUC UK.
When I visited the MTC recently with my right hon.
Friend the Deputy Prime Minister and the West Midlands Mayor, it struck me that in order to unleash potential, we need partnership between business, the education and skills sector, local and national government, trade unions and much more.
We met apprentices, beaming with pride at their achievements and in anticipation of a brighter future.
We also need investment, most importantly in education.
I am therefore delighted that the King’s Speech includes measures to raise standards in education, reform the apprenticeships levy and establish Skills England.
Having visited so many of our excellent state secondary schools and the brilliant local college, I am confident that the people of our area will do the modern-day equivalent of inventing a sport, designing an engine or writing an immortal poem.
Rugby is a place that is at ease with itself.