The issues always lie with funding, and that is why it is so important that these issues are represented.
Northern Ireland has suffered for too long from ill thought-out budgets and lack of funding.
It is time for our words to be listened to and for budgets to be reconsidered for the betterment of young people and their futures.
I believe, as everybody participating in this debate does, that our young people are the future, and I want them to get many more opportunities than I got.
We are responsible for ensuring that education and employment opportunities are available to all young people across this United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, because, as you know, Madam Deputy Speaker, we are always better together.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, and llongyfarchiadau, as we say in Wales.
It is wonderful to have you presiding over my maiden speech.
I also thank  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) ; it is a pleasure to follow him.
I congratulate Members on the amazing maiden speeches we have heard this afternoon.
I particularly enjoyed the story of such an inspirational maths teacher from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Harlow (Chris Vince) .
I am really pleased to speak in this debate about education, which is so important.
I was a governor at my son’s primary school in Monmouthshire, Cross Ash, as well as at his secondary school.
It is so important, as we come to the end of term, to say thank you to all the governors, teachers and headteachers at all the schools in Monmouthshire.
I think I am the first of the new Welsh MPs to make their maiden speech, so I hope I do our country proud.
I want to give one more congratulation, to Eluned Morgan MS, who has just been announced as our new Welsh Labour leader—another strong woman leading us in the Labour party.
I have the honour to represent the beautiful, glorious county of Monmouthshire, and I am its first ever woman MP.
As former chief executive of the Women’s Equality Network Wales, where I campaigned to get more women into politics, I can finally boast that I am practising what I preached.
I would like to pay tribute not to one predecessor or to two, but to three.
David T. C. Davies, the former Monmouth constituency MP, served in four Parliaments.
Despite our fundamental political differences, we have one thing in common: our children went to the same  fabulous school, Monmouth comprehensive.
I say diolch yn fawr iawn to David for his dedication to public service and to his constituents.
With the redrawn boundaries, Monmouthshire has inherited parts of the Newport East constituency: Caldicot, Magor, Rogiet and Undy.
That means that I owe a huge debt of thanks to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newport East (Jessica Morden)  for her legacy of service to those communities, and for the exceptional generosity and support that she and her team have given me, both during the campaign and as I start my journey in this place.
She is a brilliant MP, and if I become half the MP she is, I know I will be doing exceptionally well.
Technically, I have a third predecessor, because Monmouthshire was a constituency many years ago, and its last MP was John Rolls, a local man who took his seat in 1880.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Derby North (Catherine Atkinson)  mentioned Rolls-Royce earlier, and I will mention it too.
Rolls was father not only to Charles Rolls of Rolls-Royce fame, but to Eleanor Shelley-Rolls, a founder of the Women’s Engineering Society, an early campaigner for the electrification of Britain, and founder, 100 years ago, of the Atlanta Company, an engineering business with a real difference—it only employed women.
That combination of the technological cutting edge and socially progressive views still represents some of the best of Monmouthshire today.