I now come to  the hon.
Member for Monmouthshire (Catherine Fookes) .
I applaud her ambition to have 50:50 in this place.
When I speak to my nieces, and indeed my nephew, it is always a disappointment to us that while 51% of our great country consists of women, only about a third of my colleagues are women—although the proportion is probably greater now—and, similarly, many boardrooms throughout the country are still very male-dominated.
The hon.
Member for Derby South (Baggy Shanker)  talked about Great British Railways.
As my in-laws continually say, Derby remains the centre of the United Kingdom geographically, and I am surprised that neither of the new Derby Members mentioned that.
As for  the hon.
Member for Folkestone and Hythe (Tony Vaughan) , his Filipino heritage is a matter of passion and importance.
When I was growing up and looking at Parliament TV—well, I didn’t really, but let us suppose that I did—this place did not reflect what I thought the country did, and today it does.
We are on a journey towards getting better in that regard, and with his help and, hopefully, subsequent general elections and by-elections—and, also hopefully, with a few more Members elected to my side—this place will become truly reflective.
The hon.
Member for Dartford (Jim Dickson)  spoke about the Rolling Stones.
Music is a strong theme in Parliament; he will figure that out in the bars and the all-party parliamentary groups.
his significant experience in local government will be very helpful.
I offer  the hon.
Member for Montgomeryshire and Glyndŵr (Steve Witherden)  my sincere condolences about his mother.
We realise that we are all human.
Sharing that personal background with this place humanises us and makes sure that we all have “more in common”.
All of us will have had a difficult general election, and I hope that the tone of politics returns to what I thought it was meant to be about 20 years ago, when politicians were held in high esteem.
When I speak to individual members of my community, they still seem to consider politicians to be public servants, but unfortunately social media may not always reflect that and unfortunately you will all experience that; so make sure you communicate with colleagues, because they will all be going through it as well.
The hon.
Member for Aylesbury (Laura Kyrke-Smith)  spoke about Roald Dahl.
I have the poem “If” on my wall at home, and I read it every single day.
We have a really rich heritage in our great country, and when Members talk about things that inspire them, it will only inspire the next generation to be inquisitive.
I hope that Stoke Mandeville will be improved, because it is a hospital that I will have to use, if and when necessary.
I am conscious of the time and that the Minister will need to say a few words, so I am going to wrap up my comments on maiden speeches.
I know that I have not addressed every single one, but I will buy Members a drink at the bar in the next few days, weeks and years.
Please do enjoy this job.
It is the best job in the world, and you really are life-changing.
On that note, I welcome those on the Government Front Bench to what is a phenomenal brief, and I look forward to supporting them where they are changing people’s lives for the better.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I warmly welcome you to your place in the Chair, and I warmly welcome  the hon.
Member for South West Hertfordshire (Mr Mohindra)  to his place.
I also welcome the shadow Secretary of State, whom I previously shadowed.
I thank hon.
Members who have made contributions to this afternoon’s debate, and pay tribute to those who have made their maiden speeches today.
They do themselves and their communities proud.
I pay tribute to my hon.