Friend  the Member for Harlow (Chris Vince) , a former maths teacher.
While we are delighted that he is in his place, we need to ensure that we have more maths teachers in our state schools.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Monmouthshire (Catherine Fookes)  spoke about being a school governor, and we need more of those too.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Montgomeryshire and Glyndŵr (Steve Witherden)  gave a powerful testimony to his dear late mother.
We share his grief and we share her pride.
Ultimately, education is about preparing children and young people for life and giving them the skills they need to get on, but these opportunities do not end at the  school gates.
For too long, post-16 education has been poorly matched to the ambitions of young people and the needs of businesses and employers, allowing talent to go untapped and the economy to flag.
That is why, earlier this week, we announced Skills England, a transformative new body to match post-16 education to the needs of the economy.
By deploying skills investment strategically, we will bring employment opportunities to the parts of the country where young people need a break and businesses need their skilled labour.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Derby South (Baggy Shanker)  spoke powerfully about his apprenticeship and his passion for ensuring those opportunities for others.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Milton Keynes Central (Emily Darlington)  spoke about the need to not have to leave the place you love to get on in life.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Gravesham (Dr Sullivan)  wants to see a curriculum for life.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Birmingham Selly Oak has rightly been recognised, as I mentioned earlier.
All of this work will require a partnership approach.
None of the challenges we face can be addressed by one person or one body alone.
That is why we are resetting the relationship between Government and the sector.
We are listening to professionals.
We are learning from best practice.
We are working to improve standards across the board.
It is also why I want to take this opportunity today to pay tribute to all those who work in our schools, to thank them and to wish them a restful and restorative summer break.
Under this Labour Government, neither a person’s place of birth nor the income of their parents will determine what they can achieve, how they find fulfilment, how they discover their skills and talents, or how they grow in confidence, because breaking down the barriers to opportunity is Labour’s guiding focus.
It is the job of this Government, and it is one that we are committed to delivering.
Question put and agreed to.
Resolved,
That this House has considered education and opportunity.
I thank the shadow Minister for his speech.
Mr Speaker, thank you very much for giving me this opportunity to speak.
It appears that for once my sense of timing has been impeccable.
Having completed 24 years and seven months of service in the Royal Air Force, I have arrived on time, uniquely placed as the only person who could sequence their maiden speech in amongst a debate about military aircraft.
Unfortunately, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bootle (Peter Dowd)  suggested in his riposte to the King’s Speech, I will not be wearing a silk smoking jacket.
It is a life of service to this House that also characterises my predecessor’s career.
A loved politician, John Cryer gave 14 years of service to the constituency of Leyton and Wanstead, and nine years as Member for Hornchurch before that.
He is a fine parliamentarian and, more importantly, a fine socialist, like his mother and father before him.
His incredible commitment to the parliamentary Labour party as its chair for the past nine years was instrumental in helping us get to where we are today.