Friend  the Member for Derby North (Catherine Atkinson)  mentioned Rolls-Royce earlier, and I will mention it too.
Rolls was father not only to Charles Rolls of Rolls-Royce fame, but to Eleanor Shelley-Rolls, a founder of the Women’s Engineering Society, an early campaigner for the electrification of Britain, and founder, 100 years ago, of the Atlanta Company, an engineering business with a real difference—it only employed women.
That combination of the technological cutting edge and socially progressive views still represents some of the best of Monmouthshire today.
Monmouthshire, particularly the Magor technology corridor, is in many ways a 21st-century economy.
We are also proud of our agricultural and farming traditions.
Some 80% of the land in Monmouthshire is dedicated to farming, much of it carried out on small family farms.
As a smallholder and a farmer’s daughter, I know the joys and the huge challenges of rural life, as well as the vital role played in food production and environmental stewardship by our skilled farming families.
Monmouthshire is also a haven for tourists, home to the renowned Abergavenny food festival, the Wye valley national landscape, parts of the Bannau Brycheiniog national park, and the Offa’s Dyke long-distance path, not to mention our incredible historic border castles.
I say to Members: please come and visit in the summer holidays.
We have Raglan castle, Grosmont castle and many more.
Monmouthshire has a proud history of fighting for democracy, as home to the Chartist movement of the 1830s.
The Chartists made shocking and radical demands—how very dare they demand universal suffrage, secret ballots, salaries for MPs?—so that ordinary people, not just the super-rich, could enter Parliament.
Those are now the pillars on which our democracy is based.
The same spirit is alive and kicking in a constituency where, in 2024, I am proud to say turnout was 30% higher than the UK average.
As a border county, Monmouthshire is instinctively a place of welcome.
One of the early actions in 2022 of our incoming Labour-run county council, on which I have been proud to serve, was a formal application to become a county of sanctuary, welcoming and celebrating the contribution of refugees and asylum seekers.
Perhaps it is not entirely a coincidence that many of our leaders in Monmouthshire are women, from our inspirational council leader—another female first—to the three women who bring such tenacity and passion to running our chambers of commerce in Monmouth, Chepstow and Abergavenny.
Despite its great strengths, Monmouthshire is, I am sorry to say, one of the most unequal counties in Wales, with great wealth and great poverty existing side by side.
As its MP, my first priority will be to support the Government’s drive for economic growth and keeping household bills down so that we reduce that inequality.
Talking of the drive for equality, I am only here because of the incredible women who came before me and because of the support I have had from far too many individual women to mention.
I must shout out about the work of mentoring programmes such as the Fabian Women’s Network mentoring programme, the Labour Women’s Network, and organisations such as Elect Her and 50:50 Parliament.
It is thanks to them that we now have a House in which 40% of MPs are women.
We still have a long way to get to 50% and true equality, so I pledge, as my second priority, to continue my work to ensure that we do get an equal Parliament.
I will work with every single relevant Secretary of State and every parliamentarian across the House to ensure that we reduce all the inequalities that women face, from ending the gender pay gap, to halving violence against women and pushing forward the menopause mandate campaign.
I will, of course, do all that I can to support Monmouthshire’s fantastic charities and community groups, from Cyfannol, a charity working to support those experiencing violence against women, to Reach Out, a group supporting those with addiction.