A loved politician, John Cryer gave 14 years of service to the constituency of Leyton and Wanstead, and nine years as Member for Hornchurch before that.
He is a fine parliamentarian and, more importantly, a fine socialist, like his mother and father before him.
His incredible commitment to the parliamentary Labour party as its chair for the past nine years was instrumental in helping us get to where we are today.
While he now moves on to the other place, I am certain that his children, and his family’s legacy, will follow in his footsteps in years to come.
This sentiment of service is something that resonates deeply with me.
Service is fundamental to who I am, and it is fundamental to the Government and to my commitment to the wonderful constituency of Leyton and Wanstead.
I am here because my constituents placed their trust in me, a trust for which I am grateful, and will repay with service and a commitment to ensuring they are represented in this place to the fullest of my abilities.
At the centre of my constituency is Leytonstone, at the heart of which is our beloved Whipps Cross hospital.
Whipps has served our constituency for 121 years, during which time its NHS staff—quiet professionals—have given selflessly for those in need within our community.
Yet this hospital is emblematic of 14 years of failed Tory commitments and lack of investment.
Its rebuilding is central to my tenure as an MP.
Leytonstone is also a cradle for talent, having been home to notable figures such as my namesake David Bailey and Cartrain, and sports stars Jo Fenn, Andros Townsend and David Beckham.
Leytonstone was the  home, of RAF pedigree, of Douglas Webb DFM, the front gunner in the famous dam busters raid, and more lately, of James Sjoberg, Officer Commanding 47 Squadron.
Leveraging this rich heritage to inspire our youth and give them pathways to success is a personal commitment of mine.
Opportunities like these were scarce for young people like me.
Creating similar pathways for our youth will be central to my service.
Leytonstone is also home to one of the most financially deprived areas in the country, but it is a spirited community that seeks to heal itself.
Community leadership from Cann Hall mosque ensures the provision to all local people of a much-needed food bank and a youth group.
Similarly, at St Margaret with St Columba, others gather to preserve a sense of community despite their obvious hardships.
Community spirit is also strong in South Woodford and Wanstead.
If Whipps is the heart of our constituency, Wanstead park is its lungs and the River Roding its veins.
Wanstead park is part of our historic Epping forest, which was saved by campaigners such as Octavia Hill, founder of the National Trust, and the spirit of activism and preservation continues in the Wanstead Community Gardeners, the South Woodford Society and the ever popular Wanstead fringe festival.
To the south is Leyton, home of Leyton Orient football club.
The O’s and their trust embody the best of our community.
From their sacrifices in the pal regiment in the first world war to their work with Waltham Forest Age UK, they support our vulnerable veterans.
The club is also proud to celebrate our diverse communities, epitomised by Laurie Cunningham, the club’s first black player.
His legacy continues to inspire, as does the leadership of Omar Beckles in improving representation in football.
Such leadership is reflective of the club’s leadership in the establishment of governance for our footballing world.
Efforts such as these are key to me.
Visible role models and leadership are essential for diverse communities.
Without these inspirational characters, young black people like me will not see themselves in places of power.
I reflect on the very low number of black men in our politics, despite an increase in representation across all ethnic groups.