Harlow is a constituency that demands and deserves the utmost service from its Members of Parliament, and in my direct predecessor, Robert Halfon, it had an MP who constantly championed and worked hard for the constituency.
I genuinely thank him for his service.
Likewise, his predecessor, Bill Rammell, who is a good friend and a mentor of mine, is still remembered fondly on the doorstep by residents he has supported.
Both of them have shown how to persevere in the face of obstacles and beat the odds.
Although my story is far more humble, I hope I can live up to the high expectations that they have both set.
I also thank Bill’s predecessor, Jerry Hayes, who believed in the importance of public scrutiny.
Finally, I pay tribute to the late Stan Newens.
I got to know Stan quite well in his later years, because all our Co-operative party meetings were held at his house.
If anyone enjoys a trip back in time through literature, I would recommend a visit.
At the end of every Co-op meeting, Stan would come over to me and whisper into my ear, “You’ll be an MP one day.”
Stan, I did not believe it at the time, but it turns out that you were right.
My background is one of service.
I spent 15 years as a secondary school maths teacher, and more recently I worked for a charity in Harlow called Streets2Homes, which supports homeless people, and for Action for Family Carers, which supports unpaid carers, particularly those who are young.
A while ago, I had a conversation with the leader of the Liberal Democrats,  the right hon.
Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey) , about his excellent contribution to the report on young carers.
I also pay tribute to Razed Roof, a wonderful charity of which I am a trustee.
It is an inclusive theatre company, and I have to say a big hello to Simon.
Like many Members, my experiences have shaped my politics and my interest in politics, but my priorities are also shaped by the constituency of Harlow.
Many Members will know that Harlow is a post-war new town, designed by Sir Frederick Gibberd.
Sir Frederick designed Harlow to be a place of community; every community has its own shopping area, playground and green spaces.
A local historian described Harlow as being designed—excuse me for this, Madam Deputy Speaker—on socialist principles.
It is a place where people can see a Barbara Hepworth or a Rodin while just walking down the street.
That sense of community was put to the test during the pandemic, when we saw dark times not only in this country but across the entire world.
I am proud to report to everybody in this House that during those dark times, Harlow’s community stepped up; they passed the test.
They supported the most vulnerable people across our town and community.
Perhaps that is no surprise, given that our town invented the fibre optic cable, and is the home of Harlow college and the birthplace of Rupert Grint—I have no idea why I put those things in that order.
Apparently, Harlow has the lowest density of pubs per head of population.
That is okay, though, because there is one five minutes’ staggering distance from my house.
It is the convention to talk about a non-controversial issue in one’s maiden speech.
That is tricky when you find yourself in a room with people with opposing views.
I thought that I might talk about football, but I am a Leeds supporter, and my hon.
Friends the Members for Southampton Itchen (Darren Paffey), and for Derby North (Catherine Atkinson), went before me, so I think I shall leave the subject alone, but I am sure this House will join me in congratulating the mighty Harlow Town on their league cup victory last season—let us not worry about what league it was.