That is tricky when you find yourself in a room with people with opposing views.
I thought that I might talk about football, but I am a Leeds supporter, and my hon.
Friends the Members for Southampton Itchen (Darren Paffey), and for Derby North (Catherine Atkinson), went before me, so I think I shall leave the subject alone, but I am sure this House will join me in congratulating the mighty Harlow Town on their league cup victory last season—let us not worry about what league it was.
Instead, I decided to talk about young carers, a subject very close to my heart.
As I have said, I was a secondary school maths teacher for 15 years.
In one school, I had a boy in my form—I shall call him George, but that is not his real name.
He was a lovely lad.
Every Friday, it was my job to check that pupils had got their homework planner signed by their parents, so that we knew that the pupils were doing their homework and recording it properly, but George never got his planner signed.
Anyone who knew me as a teacher would say that I was a bit of a softie, so I let it go, but over time, I had to keep him back at break time and lunch time because his planner was not getting signed.
He never argued.
He just turned up, did his five-minute detention and went on his way.
It was only at parents’ evening that I found out that both George’s parents were severely physically disabled, and that George and his sister were young carers.
I felt terrible.
It was probably that experience that inspired me to become more involved in supporting young carers.
The solution to George’s issue was really easy.
George, like many young carers, did not want to be treated differently.
What we did was say, “Your sister can sign your planner for you.
As long as your sister gets it signed, there is no problem.”
Lo and behold, he got it signed by his sister—he got a detention if he did not.
He was happy with that.
I am pleased to say that that story is about 10 years old.
I think we have progressed quite well in our recognition and understanding of young carers.
I thank Members from across the House, the leader of the Liberal Democrats and my own Prime Minister for bringing their experiences to this House.
In a recent school census, 72% of schools said that they did not have any young carers.
I can tell Members that, from my experience of supporting young carers, that cannot be correct.
It is predicted that there are more than 10,000 young carers in Essex alone.
Essex county council has identified roughly 3,700 of them, so there is a huge number of young carers whom we have not identified, let alone got the resource in place for.
I would like to end my maiden speech on a positive: I ask the House to join me in thanking all the young carers I have worked with, and all young carers across Great Britain and Northern Ireland, for the incredible job that they do.
Many of them do not even think of themselves as being young carers because it is just what they do—they help a loved one—but I want to put it on record that, to me, they are absolute heroes.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
May I start by congratulating you on your election, and on taking up the Chair today?
May I also congratulate those on the Government Front Bench on taking up the burden of ministerial office?
I wish them the best of success with that.
It is with no little pride and a great sense of honour that I rise to give my maiden speech in this House.