I am therefore delighted that the King’s Speech includes measures to raise standards in education, reform the apprenticeships levy and establish Skills England.
Having visited so many of our excellent state secondary schools and the brilliant local college, I am confident that the people of our area will do the modern-day equivalent of inventing a sport, designing an engine or writing an immortal poem.
Rugby is a place that is at ease with itself.
We are a very diverse town, and that is unequivocally a huge strength.
We learn from one another, celebrate one another’s traditions, break down barriers and focus on our common interests, something epitomised by the late Dr James Shera MBE, a mentor of mine who is sadly missed across the constituency.
Our charitable sector is strong.
I will take the liberty of mentioning two local charities that inspire me: the Our Jay Foundation, which installs defibrillators; and Back and Forth Mens Mental Health, an issue close to my heart.
The churches, temples and faith groups are at the heart of our community.
The Street Pastors, who I shadowed on a late night shift, show kindness in action—kindness is a much underrated virtue.
The people of Rugby and the villages are compassionate.
They warmly welcomed refugees from Ukraine.
I pay tribute to the thriving Rugby Ukrainian community,  its Ukrainian members bravely forging their new lives away from home, and all from the constituency who are helping them.
The Benn Partnership’s “Meet and Eat” on Fridays, catered for by recent immigrants who not only cook the food but are learning English there, shows our cohesion.
Our community invests in our young people, with fabulous youth centres, such as Hill Street and the Bradby Club.
There are too many voluntary groups and organisations for me to mention; I simply salute them all.
We thrive more when we work together and when the Government are truly an enabler.
I want to put on record my appreciation as a councillor of the work of council officers and all public servants in serving our community in difficult circumstances.
I campaigned to become a Labour candidate using the phrase “Together we can”.
I believe that is the only approach that will truly unleash the potential of the constituency.
We now have a brilliantly led Labour council, a Labour MP and a Labour Government committed to empowering places with a strong vision.
I will do all I can to bring together people in this constituency, urban or rural, factory or farm worker, whatever their background, to tackle the problems we face, whether the lack of infrastructure such as GP surgeries, the need for more services at the superb Hospital of St Cross, insufficient affordable and social homes, town centre regeneration or the need to make our streets safer.
In doing this, I am inspired by the late, great Ann Clwyd, for whom I worked, and the late, great Frank Field, with whom I worked.
The hon.
Member’s experience of being a professor will be very helpful to this place.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Solihull West and Shirley (Dr Shastri-Hurst)  has significant experience of three separate careers, and I know he will be a strong advocate for his community.
I applaud his focus on early years.
I now come to  the hon.
Member for Harlow (Chris Vince) .
I was a councillor in the neighbouring area before I came to this place, so I know your patch well.
Your experience as a teacher—[Interruption.]
The hon.
Member’s experience as a teacher will be extremely helpful.
He highlighted the important issue of young carers.
That is probably below the radar for many of us as constituency Members, and we all need to spend a bit more time focusing on it to ensure that our communities are supported properly.
I now come to  the hon.
Member for Monmouthshire (Catherine Fookes) .
I applaud her ambition to have 50:50 in this place.