We still have a long way to get to 50% and true equality, so I pledge, as my second priority, to continue my work to ensure that we do get an equal Parliament.
I will work with every single relevant Secretary of State and every parliamentarian across the House to ensure that we reduce all the inequalities that women face, from ending the gender pay gap, to halving violence against women and pushing forward the menopause mandate campaign.
I will, of course, do all that I can to support Monmouthshire’s fantastic charities and community groups, from Cyfannol, a charity working to support those experiencing violence against women, to Reach Out, a group supporting those with addiction.
As a keen environmentalist, I will do everything I can to ensure we champion our environment and our rivers, including the River Wye and the River Usk, which flow through our beautiful county.
The people of Monmouthshire have made it clear that they expect me to work cross-border and cross-party, with all the regulators, campaigners and action groups, to bring our rivers back to full health.
Monmouthshire is back on the Westminster map for the first time in a century and a half.
My determination is to make sure that the legacy of this Government for Monmouthshire is a more equal, more prosperous and greener future.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
May I warmly congratulate you on taking up your position and warmly welcome the Secretary of State and her ministerial team to their positions, too?
I express my deepest condolences to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Montgomeryshire and Glyndŵr (Steve Witherden)   for his loss.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Selly Oak (Al Carns)  on his sobering and powerful words, and other colleagues across the Chamber on their speeches today.
I start by thanking my family for their love and forbearance in recent months, my Labour and other friends for their support, and the people of Rugby and the villages for giving me the honour of representing my constituency, which has been my home for the last 17 years.
As the MP representing the only seat with a sport named after it, I hope that the House will indulge me the occasional rugby analogy.
The rugby ball has been passed to me, notwithstanding a couple of minor mauls during the election campaign, which I overcame.
I want to pay tribute to Mark Pawsey, my predecessor, who ran with the ball—literally and metaphorically—as a member of the Commons and Lords rugby team.
Mark is an honourable, decent and kind man who served the House with distinction, worked tirelessly for his constituents and promoted the game of rugby internationally.
I also put on record my respect for the former Labour Member Andy King, whose distinguished service continues to inspire me.
Rugby is a market town that has grown rapidly in recent years, surrounded by many small villages—too numerous to mention one by one—set in the beautiful Warwickshire countryside.
To the north of the constituency is Bulkington, which some say is one of the largest villages in England, although my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North and Cottingham (Dame Diana Johnson)  may disagree.
Rugby’s population ballooned when the Oxford canal was constructed in the 1770s, and the railway hastened industrialisation.
I say to any Front Benchers listening that being on the west coast main line can very much hasten any ministerial visits that they may or may not want to make. [
Interruption.]
No, stop at Rugby.
The confluence of the M1, the M6 and the M45 near Rugby places us firmly in the logistics golden triangle.
Notwithstanding this logistical good fortune, Rugby’s potential lies primarily with its people.
We have been blessed, and still are, by people who innovate, challenge norms and think creatively.