I have also been a primary school governor, so I have worked in education at all levels.
Given that, it is no surprise that I would be keen to make my maiden speech on a topic that is of great importance to me and to this whole House: that of education.
I welcome the Secretary of State for Education’s commitment to breaking down the barriers to opportunity for all children, her announcement today of a pause and review of the defunding of technical qualifications, and her laser-like focus on raising standards in early years education.
We are lucky to have a number of excellent schools across Bracknell Forest, and as this week is the start of the school holidays, I take this opportunity to thank teachers, teaching assistants and the wider school staff across my constituency for another year of hard work and dedication, and wish them a pleasant summer.
The measures set out by my right hon.
Friend the Education Secretary are badly needed in my constituency.
Despite their heroic efforts, teachers are finding it harder than ever to offer an excellent education while supporting the increasingly complex mental health needs of their students.
Alongside that, there has been growing child poverty and real-terms cuts to funding.
Nowhere is education reform more needed than in the area of special educational needs provision; a long-term failure to grapple with SEND has threatened local government finances and has meant, frankly, that we are letting our children down.
During the election campaign, I was privileged to get to know a young man called Fred.
Fred is 13 years old.
He has autism and ADHD, and for the  past 18 months, he has been out of school because mainstream education is not suitable for him and he is still waiting on a place in a special school.
Fred wants to go to school.
He wants to learn—he is an inquisitive kid.
I know that because Fred helped me with the research for this speech.
But because the system is not working, he has been locked out.
Fred is not alone.
There are far too many children like him in Bracknell and across the country—so-called ghost children who are missing education because the right support is not in place.
This is a national crisis and requires national solutions.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s acknowledgement of that fact today, since the first step towards solving the problem is admitting that it exists.
Let me conclude with this commitment: for as long as I serve in this place, I will do everything I can to fight for better educational opportunities for all, and to speak up for kids like Fred, who just want a chance to learn.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Solihull West and Shirley (Dr Shastri-Hurst)  for his excellent and very emotive maiden speech.
I welcome you to your new role, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Thank you for calling me to speak in this important debate.
Above all, I thank the people of Harlow.
It is a diverse constituency that includes not only Harlow but the villages of Roydon, Nazeing, Sheering and, following the recent boundary review, Hatfield Heath, Hatfield Broad Oak and too many others to name.
I thank everybody for giving me the incredible opportunity to serve as their Member of Parliament.
The new Prime Minister used the word “service” throughout the election campaign, and he has used it in this Chamber.
In fact, the Leader of the Opposition even used it in his opening remarks on the Humble Address.
Harlow is a constituency that demands and deserves the utmost service from its Members of Parliament, and in my direct predecessor, Robert Halfon, it had an MP who constantly championed and worked hard for the constituency.
I genuinely thank him for his service.
Likewise, his predecessor, Bill Rammell, who is a good friend and a mentor of mine, is still remembered fondly on the doorstep by residents he has supported.