With such a constituency and such predecessors, I know that I stand on the shoulders of giants, with much to do and prove.
The House of Commons Library, which I have to say I am already finding invaluable, has advised me that I am the first Member of Parliament in its entire history to have the forename Aphra.
I am named after Aphra Behn, the 17th-century playwright, poet and author,  who was the first British woman to earn her living as a writer.
The great 20th-century novelist Virginia Woolf said of her:
“All women together ought to let flowers fall upon the tomb of Aphra Behn…for it was she who earned them the right to speak their minds.”
What a privilege it is to be in this place, in the 21st century, able to speak my mind on behalf of my constituents across Chester South and Eddisbury.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for allowing me to make my maiden speech today.
May I congratulate you on your election?
It is a privilege to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Derby South (Baggy Shanker) .
He spoke about his constituency with eloquence and passion, and I congratulate him on his speech.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Damian Collins, who served as the Member of Parliament for Folkestone and Hythe for the last 14 years.
He worked tirelessly here in Parliament, most notably as the Chair of the Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee, which he led for several years up to 2019.
He spearheaded several significant inquiries into pressing issues, including doping in sports, football governance, combating homophobia in sports, tackling online disinformation and examining addictive technologies.
As a father of two boys, I am well aware of the parenting challenges that are posed by online gaming and social media, so I know that the work Damian did to hold tech companies to account performed a vital public service, for which we are all grateful.
Recognising his expertise and contribution in this area, Damian was  appointed the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for tech and the digital economy in 2022, and that appointment followed two Parliamentary Private Secretary roles in the Northern Ireland Office and the Foreign Office.
I am sure the whole House will join me in wishing Damian all the best for his future endeavours.
I would also like to acknowledge my second predecessor, Michael Howard—Lord Howard—who represented the constituency for some 27 years.
He remains a much respected figure locally, and many voters talked of him fondly on the doorsteps during the short campaign.
It is the honour of my life to be elected as Folkestone and Hythe’s Member of Parliament.
I thank the members and volunteers of Folkestone and Hythe Labour party who moved heaven and earth to get me elected.
Without their efforts, I simply would not be here.
I also want to thank my wife and my family, who have been behind me all the way.
I have the privilege of being the first Labour MP ever to have represented the constituency since its creation in 1950.
Before that, the constituency covering its approximate area, Hythe, had returned Conservative MPs continuously since 1895.
As a further piece of history, such was the strategic importance of Hythe and the town of New Romney—two ports that were among the original Cinque ports on the south coast—that they have been represented continuously ever since the Simon de Montfort Parliament of 1265, which is usually regarded as the first Parliament in England.
I first visited Folkestone and Hythe in 2007 as a baby barrister sent to Folkestone magistrates court, apparently drawing the short straw.
The fee was not much more than the train fare to get there, and the two-hour journey down was bumpy and slow.
The upside was that I got fish and chips for lunch, a sea view and a breath of sea air.