Members who have made contributions to this afternoon’s debate, and pay tribute to those who have made their maiden speeches today.
They do themselves and their communities proud.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Folkestone and Hythe (Tony Vaughan) , the first Member of Filipino heritage to stand in this Chamber; my hon.
Friend  the Member for North West Cambridgeshire (Sam Carling) , the youngest Member of the House, who spoke about his education, which was fairly recent; my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Selly Oak (Al Carns) , who has rightly been recognised in this place for his experience; and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rugby (John Slinger) , who is forgiven for all his rugby analogies after making an excellent speech.
In this House, we come together with a common goal: to give every child the best start in life and equip them with an education that sets them up for their lives.
We are the Department for opportunity at the Department for Education.
We are bringing education back to the centre of national life again, and we will work tirelessly to spread opportunity across our country, so that every child can thrive in a school with high and rising standards, and with a broad and rich curriculum that they can enjoy.
Like every parent, I want that for my children, and I am so pleased that we have a Labour Government who are ready to deliver it.
I know what a brilliant school and education can mean.
Unlike my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southampton Itchen (Darren Paffey) , who made an excellent maiden speech today, I am not one of three Darrens, but I am a Sacred Heart girl, and I am not the only one in this Parliament.
The parliamentary Labour party boasts three alumni of my old school, Sacred Heart Catholic high school in Newcastle; my hon.
Friends the Members for Newcastle upon Tyne East and Wallsend (Mary Glindon) and for Cramlington and Killingworth (Emma Foody) went there, too.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Derby North (Catherine Atkinson) , who made an outstanding maiden speech today, also attended a Sacred Heart school.
It means that there are now as many state-educated Sacred Heart girls in the House of Commons as there are old Etonian boys—a tangible demonstration of the radical redistribution of opportunities that this Labour Government represent.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Paisley and Renfrewshire South (Johanna Baxter)  gave an account of her school trip to Parliament, which reminded me of my own trip at the age of 17, when I got in trouble for sitting down on these Benches.
Clearly, such trips work to break down barriers to opportunity.
The journey starts in a child’s early years, when their development and education begin.
Under successive Conservative Governments, however, the attainment gap has widened.
It is now some years since I served on the Treasury Committee, but I still recall our inquiry into childcare as a part of national infrastructure.
It was ground-breaking at the time and acknowledged that childcare is a fundamental service to our economy; it is not a “nice to have”.
It is fundamental to allowing parents to work longer hours to provide for their families, and it is fundamental to people’s life chances.
That is why this Government will deliver 3,000 more primary school-based nurseries, making them widely accessible to parents and unlocking opportunity for our youngest.
In answer to the shadow Secretary of State’s question earlier, that will be delivered in partnership with the sector to ensure that it meets the needs of children and parents.
We know that childcare needs do not end when school starts.
When a child moves up to primary school, in England, they will benefit from the roll-out of free breakfast clubs in every primary school in England.