By the time of the Anglo-Saxons, the forest of Arden was part of the kingdom of Mercia.
A clearing in the woods was established, and the settlement of the manor of Ulverlei was founded.
It is here that the town of Shirley now sits, the name Shirley meaning a bright clearing.
The town of Solihull is thought to take its name from the site of the stunning Arden church of Saint Alphege, which can be dated back to the 13th century and was built on a mound of marl.
This soily hill gave rise to the name Solihull.
Of course, over the years the two towns have changed somewhat.
They are a bustling centre for business and enterprise.
We are the home of the Touchwood Centre, we have fantastic businesses such as Gymshark, and nearby Jaguar Land Rover remains a significant employer for many of my constituents, and a major economic driver for the local area.
We are blessed with good and outstanding schools, providing our young people with the skills and opportunities to succeed in life.
Through the enterprise and leadership of the local council and the former West Midlands mayor, Andy Street, there has been an ambitious brownfield-first housing policy, delivering sustainable homes for the future while protecting the green belt.
However, while many will associate Solihull West and Shirley with prosperity, there are pockets of deprivation, and I will therefore work tirelessly to ensure that those parts of the constituency have the investment and opportunities to shine in the years to come.
When you first enter this place, it is impossible not to be struck by the history that comes before you.
It makes you reflect upon your own place in the annals of time.
There have been many doctors who have entered this House before.
There are several of us in this new intake alone.
There have been a number of soldiers who have stood up and served again—indeed, there is almost a platoon of us entering the House for the first time.
And as for lawyers—well, frankly, we could be an extension of the Inns of Court.
However, it struck me the first time I entered this place that there was a chance that I might be the first Member to have done all three.
And that rather flatters the ego.
Well, how wrong could I have been?
Like the bubbles burst in the back garden by my young son George, my illusions were quickly burst.
A former Member for Wimbledon, Charles Goodson-Wickes, had done all this before, and he added being chairman of the Countryside Alliance to boot.
So, alas, my place in the history books will have to wait, for the time being.
I do hope, however, that my professional experiences will allow me to contribute effectively to this place on behalf of the people of Solihull West and Shirley—by being a critical friend on the issue of health and social care, so  that we improve patient outcomes; by protecting the rule of law and ensuring access to justice; and by upholding the military covenant, and continuing the commendable work of the former member for Plymouth, Moor View, who is sadly no longer in this place, and others to ensure that Britain is the best place in the world to be a veteran.
I am painfully aware of the good fortune and opportunities I have had in life.
I have benefited from a loving family and been provided with the opportunities to fulfil my potential.
Sadly, that is not the case for all, so during the course of my time in this House I will seek to champion the early years agenda, so that we give young people the best chance in life.