May I also congratulate those on the Government Front Bench on taking up the burden of ministerial office?
I wish them the best of success with that.
It is with no little pride and a great sense of honour that I rise to give my maiden speech in this House.
I am indebted to my constituents for sending me to this place, and I will do my utmost to ensure that I repay the faith that they have put in me.
It is a particular pleasure to follow so many excellent maiden speeches over the last few days.
I would like to commend  the hon.
Member for Surrey Heath (Dr Pinkerton)  for his magnificent speech.
His constituency is a place that I hold to dear to me, having trained at the Royal Military Academy, and I wish him well in his stewardship of it.
I think he will make a great contribution to this House.
My constituency is Solihull West and Shirley.
Like many others, it was newly created following the boundary review.
While it is very much based on the old Solihull seat, the wards of Silhill and Elmdon have moved into the new Meriden and Solihull East constituency.
In return, Blythe ward has moved into mine, joining Olton, Lyndon, St Alphege and Shirleys West, South and East.
Therefore, I have not one but, technically, two predecessors.
As I have alluded to, Blythe ward was represented in the last Parliament by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Meriden and Solihull East (Saqib Bhatti) .
I am delighted to join him in this place, and I thank him for his support and help over the last few weeks.
Julian Knight served as the Member of Parliament for Solihull for nine years.
He gave particular service as Chair of the Culture, Media and Sport Committee.
I am sure that hon.
Members on all sides of the House will join me in wishing the whole Knight family the very best for the future.
I also pay tribute to Julian’s predecessors in this place.
Lorely Burt is still held in great affection by residents, who remember her as a proactive constituency Member of Parliament.
The late John Taylor, an avuncular man, was Solihull through and through, and he is fondly remembered for his dedication to public service.
His widow, Ann, is still a stalwart of the local community.
Before John came a fellow member of the Bar, Percy Grieve QC.
Famously, Percy once had the campaign slogan “Grieve for Solihull”.
I am delighted to tell the House that there is no need to grieve for Solihull any longer.
For those hon.
and right hon.
Members who have not had the good fortune of visiting Solihull West and Shirley, we may be compact, being a mere 40 sq km  in area, but we pack a good punch.
We are a diverse community, welcoming to all.
We benefit from our confluence of cultures, which serve to create a greater societal bond.
Together, we are greater than the sum of our parts.
I am particularly proud that several thousand Hong Kong British nationals overseas have chosen to make the area their home.
The land now forming Solihull West and Shirley was once covered by the ancient forest of Arden on the banks of the River Blythe.
The earliest settlement in the area can be dated back to the iron age.
The density of the forest of Arden was such that even the Romans found it impenetrable, for throughout the Roman occupation of these isles it was held that no Roman roads passed through it.
By the time of the Anglo-Saxons, the forest of Arden was part of the kingdom of Mercia.
A clearing in the woods was established, and the settlement of the manor of Ulverlei was founded.
It is here that the town of Shirley now sits, the name Shirley meaning a bright clearing.