There are so many opportunities out there for young people.
Some may know what route they want to take in life, and for those who do not, there are other options.
Education may not be everybody’s option, as the hon.
Member for Harlow said, but there are other things that we need to do through education as well.
Ministers will no doubt take that on board.
Whether in employment, further education or apprenticeships, there are opportunities for people to avail themselves of.
Furthermore, I am a big supporter of work experience and the prospects that it can bring for young people, especially in their education and future employment.
It can give young people a taste for work and the possibilities that it can lead them to.
I try to offer it every year in my office, as I did when I was a Member of the Legislative Assembly and when I had my own business.
Two of my youngest staff members, one aged 29 and one aged 24, both did their work experience in my office, one back in 2012 and the other in 2017.
We never realised that they would one day end up working for me.
They went and did another job in between, but ended up coming back to me.
Whether they thought I was a soft touch, or what it was, I am not quite sure.
I am sure that they did not think that—the fact is that they loved what we do in the office.
Like others elected to this House, my whole life has been about helping people and making their lives better.
That is our job.
It does not matter what political party we are in; we have to try to do that in every part of life.
Years later, an opportunity came up for new staff, and knowing the skillset that those two people were able to bring through their work experience, they were able to come into the job like they had always been there.
That sticks in my mind.
Whether it be in aerospace; healthcare; science, technology, engineering and maths; government; law; media; trades such as mechanics or plumbing, and so on—the list is endless—it is no secret that more needs to be done on funding for the devolved nations.
It was revealed last year that Northern Ireland student numbers were reduced with funding cuts.
Indeed, it has been indicated that the teaching grant for Northern Ireland’s universities will be reduced by 10% to save around £14 million.
It was also planned that funding for further education colleges would be cut by 4% to save an additional £9 million.
In the limited time that I have left, I want briefly to discuss the opportunities that apprenticeships provide for young people.
I mentioned earlier that not every person can have a civil service job or be in university or another form of education, but they can have opportunities out there in society.
Our universities are incredible, but there are young people out there who do not see university as a path for them to go down.
The number of people aged 16 to 24 pursuing an apprenticeship has been increasing consistently since 2013, showcasing how the world of work can provide opportunities for young people who perhaps do not want to go to university.
Apprenticeships are provided in so many industries; there is always something that can be found to give young people the best start on their employment path.
The issues always lie with funding, and that is why it is so important that these issues are represented.
Northern Ireland has suffered for too long from ill thought-out budgets and lack of funding.
It is time for our words to be listened to and for budgets to be reconsidered for the betterment of young people and their futures.