His passion and belief in the power of politics to improve people’s lives gave me the confidence to fight for the values that I believe in, and I will forever be grateful to him for that.
My values were shaped by my grandad, Tadeuz Sadowski.
He was a Polish migrant who came to Britain and worked down our pits.
The loss and trauma that he experienced by the war waged at home led him to seek a better life here and in Scotland.
His experiences taught me that no matter their background or birthplace, everyone deserves the opportunity to live a decent life, free from persecution and prejudice.
That is why I have spent my entire working life until now in the service of the trade union movement and ordinary working people.
My constituency lies on the west of Scotland, covering the southern portion of the Renfrewshire council area.
It includes much of Paisley, Scotland’s largest town, the smaller towns of Johnstone and Linwood, and the beautiful villages of Kilbarchan, Elderslie, Lochwinnoch, Howwood and Brookfield, among several other hamlets and farmland spreading across the rolling Renfrewshire hills.
It has a proud and rich industrial history: the mills of Paisley, the carpet factory at Elderslie and the establishment of the first machine tool foundry in the world.
While the industries people work in may have  changed—many now work in our vital public services and at the nearby Glasgow airport—it remains a place where people work hard and rightly expect to be treated fairly in return.
A fair day’s pay for a fair day’s work should not be much to ask, but wages have lagged behind costs in recent years.
Too many people who are in work have had to claim benefits just to get by, and the number of those claiming unemployment benefits in my constituency is above the Scottish average.
For too long, our communities have been failed and forgotten by two Governments—but no more.
I am proud of the commitments set out by our new Labour Government to improve people’s lives, particularly the commitment to a new deal for working people.
Making work pay, ending insecure work and extending employment rights will make a huge difference not just to people’s pockets but to the quality of their lives.
They will be the biggest transformation of workers’ rights in generations, restoring dignity to work and preparing people for the changing world of work.
My constituents have never been afraid of standing up for what they believe in, and neither have I. We are, after all, the birthplace of William Wallace.
It is our persistence in the pursuit of equality, opportunity and justice for all that binds us like the threads of the Paisley shawl.
It was the spirit of persistence in the pursuit of equality that prompted the early uprising of the weavers who sought recompense for the sma’ shot thread—an invisible thread without which the Paisley shawl would fall apart.
That industrial dispute was won by the workers, whose story lives long in our memory and continues to inspire us today.
It is persistence in the pursuit of opportunity that brings my constituents together to provide for others, as exemplified by the brilliant work of Thorn Athletic; the community bus service launched by Kilbarchan’s John McBarron, who stepped out of retirement to help fellow residents by filling a hole in local transport provision; and the West End Growing Grounds Association, which provides raised beds to help grow food and prevent food poverty in the local community.
It was persistence in the pursuit of justice that gave us the infamous Paisley snail, which formed the basis of tort law.
These are all ordinary people doing extraordinary things, and they are heroes, every one of them.