Visible role models and leadership are essential for diverse communities.
Without these inspirational characters, young black people like me will not see themselves in places of power.
I reflect on the very low number of black men in our politics, despite an increase in representation across all ethnic groups.
Addressing this is key to fixing the inequalities that face young people, particularly in the area of knife crime.
A pivotal moment in my upbringing was the murder of Stephen Lawrence.
While we are aware of the continuing failure to provide justice to my friend Stuart’s family, we all know of the institutional failings that have led to this.
I want to point all Members to a number of things surrounding this that were formative for me.
First, the absence of representation inhibits our ability to hear voices and understand the challenges faced by others like us.
I reflected during the campaign that when I was young I carried a knife, not because I wished to attack anyone, but because I was scared and felt that the fate that had befallen my friend’s brother could happen to me and others like me.
Mistakenly, I assumed that I could look after myself similarly, but sadly, we know that is not the case, and that those who carry knives are more likely to be killed themselves.
We need people like me to translate those experiences into policy.
Secondly, and in some ways most importantly, I look back with great upset and anger on how this matter was politicised by extreme groups.
Our anger and upset was channelled by populists who manipulated us for their own political ends.
Those voices are present in our House and vocal in our politics, and we must challenge them openly to prevent those actors from fostering anger, hate and division within our communities.
I fear it is our greatest threat to democracy, and we must be fundamental in our moderation.
We must challenge those behaviours without fear, openly, separating them from the underlying issues.
Finally, what saw me through that period in my life, and through a highly decorated flying career in the Royal Air Force, are the two things I value most: first, my friends; and secondly, my family.
My mother and father instilled in me the values and virtues of service and humanity; my sisters shaped me and helped me to see the world through the eyes of a woman.
My friends shepherded me through school, college and university, and through every difficult challenge in my life.
But it is my wife who has supported me steadfastly through a military career and grown our wonderful family.
I love her deeply and will never be able to thank her enough.
The reason I am here is my service not just as a Member of this House but to our nation in the RAF.
I have chosen to speak in this debate because as a young engineering student I recall learning of the failings of the Duncan Sandys defence review, which did deep and lasting damage to our aerospace industry and industrial base.
Already we have heard voices state that our commitment to this programme is a fallacy, but acceptance of that is merely acceptance of a failure to manage defence programmes and the companies contracted to deliver them.
It is not GCAP that is a fallacy, but the way we contract and manage such programmes.
Our interaction with defence primes must change.
We must encourage risk taking, because without it there is no innovation.
We must not allow the customer to set the demand for technologies that the customer itself cannot conceive.
We must be a Government who better understand science, and we need an industry that is incentivised with accountability.
We have the sixth largest defence budget in the world.
We must get our money’s worth, and we must make sure that our money leads to our security and not to excess corporate bonuses.