I first visited Folkestone and Hythe in 2007 as a baby barrister sent to Folkestone magistrates court, apparently drawing the short straw.
The fee was not much more than the train fare to get there, and the two-hour journey down was bumpy and slow.
The upside was that I got fish and chips for lunch, a sea view and a breath of sea air.
By the time I moved to Folkestone in 2014, the high-speed line HS1 had cut the journey time to 53 minutes, and as hon.
Members can imagine, the dream of seaside living was no longer a distant thought for many.
Folkestone and Hythe today is a cultural hub.
We have arts festivals, comedy, theatre, open studios, open gardens, the Folkestone Music Town initiative and live music to suit every taste.
The Royal Gurkha regiment is based in the constituency, and we have one of the largest Nepalese communities in the UK.
It is hard to beat a Nepalese curry from Folkstone.
The constituency has around 20 miles of beautiful coastline, from the border with Dover down to the Kent-Sussex border near Camber.
It is little wonder that Folkstone and Hythe is a tourist hotspot, a creative and digital magnet, and a place to find solitude and peace.
We also have a large windfarm in Romney Marsh, which was opened by the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Doncaster North (Ed Miliband)  in 2009.
It was a privilege to visit it with him earlier this month, following his announcement about dropping the ban on onshore wind.
What I love most about Folkstone and Hythe is the strong community spirit, and the drive of so many to make the area the best that it can be.
There is Romney Marsh community hub, where the elderly can socialise and access services, and Hythe youth centre supports young people in the area.
The New Folkestone Society and the Sandgate Society are safeguarding the heritage  of the area, and Napier Friends welcomes, integrates and assimilates refugees who come to our area from all over the world.
Sadly, however, far too many people in Folkstone and Hythe are being left behind.
Some of the most deprived areas in Kent are in my constituency, and the system has been holding communities back.
Opportunities are spread unevenly, sewage pollutes our seas, unaffordable mortgage rates and rents are faced by everyone, and public services just do not work as they are supposed to.
Having lived on Folkstone and Hythe’s coastline, like many residents I have seen overloaded small boats arriving on our shores—boats organised by organised criminal networks that trade and commodify human beings.
On too many occasions than I care to remember, I have joined local residents to remember lives lost in the channel.
Indeed, as the Home Secretary reminded us, 90 lives have been lost so far this year.
I am proud to be a Labour MP supporting this transformative Labour Government who will pass the laws we need to turn Britain around and break down barriers to opportunity.
The 35 Bills in the King’s Speech are just the start of that.
As a barrister of 17 years’ standing, I particularly welcome the Government’s reinstatement of the rule of law, which is the foundation of our constitution and democracy.
The Government’s decision to treat human smuggling and trafficking as a national security issue is long overdue.
I have represented many victims of those criminal gangs, and I know that such are their sophistication and resources, that nothing short of the full force of our national security expertise will do.
We must never forget that the victims themselves need justice.
I am the son of one of the first Filipinos who migrated to the UK.
My mum came here in the 1970s and worked in the NHS, which I think makes me the first person of Filipino heritage to stand in this Chamber.