Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I congratulate you on taking your place.
I also congratulate all the Members who have made such eloquent maiden speeches this afternoon, particularly my hon.
Friends the Members for North West Cambridgeshire (Sam Carling), for Milton Keynes Central (Emily Darlington) and for Montgomeryshire and Glyndŵr (Steve Witherden)—please accept my sincere condolences for the loss of your mother.
I am grateful to have the opportunity to make my maiden speech.
It is an honour to stand here as the new representative for Paisley and Renfrewshire South.
I thank every person who put their faith in me at the election.
The people of Paisley and Renfrewshire South have voted decisively for real change and a Government in their service, and that is what we will deliver.
I also thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, and all the staff of this House for the professionalism and kindness that they have shown to every one of us who is a new MP.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Mhairi Black.
It cannot have been easy for Mhairi to enter this House as the youngest MP of her time, with the country’s press hanging on her every word.
I followed her career with interest and, while we disagree profoundly on how we  get there, I have no doubt at all that her desire has always been for a fairer and more equitable country.
I wish her well in all her new endeavours, particularly her upcoming debut at the Edinburgh Fringe—though she may need to encourage her colleagues in the Scottish Government to settle their now annual pay dispute with the local government workforce if she is to avoid stepping over the city’s rubbish to get there.
I also pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lothian East (Mr Alexander) , who served my constituents in Paisley and Renfrewshire South with distinction as their MP for 18 years, between 1997 and 2015, before being returned to this House again this year.
The help and support that he provided to so many across my constituency was mentioned frequently and fondly at many of the doors on which I knocked during the election campaign.
That he has already been appointed as a Minister of State in the Department for Business and Trade in this Government is testament to the talent and experience he brings to our Benches.
Both Mhairi and Douglas leave large shoes for me to fill.
I am just glad that that is a metaphor rather than a physical requirement, because it might have been a challenge that eluded me.
Madam Deputy Speaker, size is not everything, as I am sure people will appreciate.
My constituents did not vote for me on the basis of my height.
In the words of one of my constituents when I knocked on their door, “We are voting for you—you’re not getting any taller.”
But no one in this House should mistake my height or size for the scale of my ambition for my constituency.
I am pleased to make my maiden speech in this debate on education and opportunity, because without good education, opportunities are reduced for many and inequalities widen.
In doing so, I remember fondly my modern studies teacher, who, almost 30 years ago now, brought a class of working-class kids from the west of Scotland down to London on a bus to show us this mother of all Parliaments and remind us that, whatever our background, this place is as much our place as it is anybody else’s.
His passion and belief in the power of politics to improve people’s lives gave me the confidence to fight for the values that I believe in, and I will forever be grateful to him for that.
My values were shaped by my grandad, Tadeuz Sadowski.
He was a Polish migrant who came to Britain and worked down our pits.