Let me be absolutely clear: we believe that there are mutual benefits to both of us if we continue on the path we have selected.
I am not sure precisely what is intended: I do not know what a tariff on a service would look like and I do not know whether the intention is for it to be on movie theatres.
The danger is that the US already has two major problems with its film industry: one is distribution costs, so if the US went down that route, it could lead to heavy problems for the industry; and the other is the very high cost of making movies in the US.
Most films these days are an international collaboration of some kind, and we want to maintain that.
Even the British production of “Paddington”—I am looking at  the hon.
Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson)  only because I suspect he is about to mention it; and he has just given me a Paddington hard stare—was made by StudioCanal, which is, of course, part of Canal+.
It had Spanish actors as well as British actors.
This is just  a fact of modern films: they are multinational and that is one of their strengths.
Incidentally, I do not think that Paddington ever went to Peru—I do not think they filmed any of it in Peru.
I am also told by my Peruvian friends that there aren’t any bears in Peru.
I welcome the Minister’s measured and thoughtful response to President Trump’s latest announcement and his full-throated support for the British film industry.
He will be aware that my constituency is very much a filming venue for both film and television.
In his discussions with the United States, will he ensure that he is also championing high-end television, as I think he briefly mentioned, which is often filmed, produced and made in Hackney?
I also make a plea for all the creative industries in my constituency that feed into the film industry.
Can the Minister ensure there is good communication from the Government on these negotiations?
This is creating a great a deal of uncertainty.
I know Hackney very well; as my hon.
Friend knows, I used to be a councillor there.
It is not just London that is a phenomenal place to make a movie, but the whole United Kingdom.
We have some of the best scenery and some of the best buildings.
It is not only Bath, which gets used endlessly in lots of films—when I was there a couple of weeks ago, I heard about a long list of them.
My hon.
Friend is also right about television.
What is the difference between making “Bridgerton” and making a movie?
In fact, the pattern is very similar; international collaboration is important because it delivers international audiences, and we want to maintain that.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
British film really is the marmalade sandwich in the lunchbox of our creative industries; it has given us Bond, Paddington, Harry Potter and Monty Python.
Donald Trump clearly thinks he is a god-like figure, but on the Lib Dem Benches, we are clear that he is not the messiah—he’s a very naughty boy.
If he had his way, we would be watching “Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Alcatraz”, or perhaps “Harry Potter and the Executive Order of the Phoenix”.
Will the Minister confirm that all options will be on the table to protect our film industry, including working with allies such as Canada and Australia, which have shown strength in recent weeks by voting anti-Trump?
Will he commit to immediately meeting film industry leaders in the UK to co-ordinate a response in this area, and will the Government back our world-leading creatives by doing the right thing on AI and copyright?
I could have predicted half the hon.
Gentleman’s question, because I knew Paddington would get in there.