My hon.
Friend is right; for too long, innovative women-led start-ups have been held back due to a lack of finance, with the proportion of equity capital investment going to all female-founded firms stuck at around 2% in the UK for the last decade.
Alongside the invest in women taskforce, the Department for Business and Trade is leading on the investing in women code, and working with finance providers to increase access to finance, resources and networks for women-led businesses.
I want to see us use the talents of all business leaders to support female entrepreneurs, which is right not just for women but for the whole economy.
In my constituency of Strangford, many women have started their own businesses, but there has been a problem in getting access to the finance to make that happen.
Venture capital will make that happen.
To ensure that ladies and women have the same opportunities as men—just because they are a different sex, does not mean that they are any less able to do the job—will the Minister ensure that venture capital will be available in Northern Ireland, for ladies and women in Strangford and in Northern Ireland?
The funding will be available to women-led businesses in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
It is right that we continue to support the work of the Women’s Business Council and others, and look at all we can do to support women in businesses, and those who are coming forward to start their own enterprises.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
The Government are taking decisive action to deliver our plan to make work pay, putting more money back into people’s pockets.
The Office for Equality and Opportunity recently launched a public consultation on mandatory ethnicity and disability pay gap reporting, and a call for evidence on other measures to improve security at work for everyone and tackle unequal pay.
We will work in partnership with business to deliver this Government’s plan for change.
Many constituents have written to me to express their concern on the recent UK Supreme Court ruling relating to the legal definition of a woman.
It has left the already vulnerable members of the trans community feeling uncertain about how they will be able to go about their day-to-day lives.
What steps is the Minister taking to work with her colleagues in other Departments to provide further guidance and clarity on what the judgment means in practice?
You will know, Mr Speaker, that I made a statement to the House setting out the Government’s position where we welcomed the clarity of the Supreme Court ruling.
I should also stress that, of course, everyone within our country deserves to be treated with dignity, respect and compassion, and trans people continue to enjoy protection from harassment and discrimination under the law.
We are working with the Equality and Human Rights Commission on its code of practice, which it will set out in due course following consultation.
My right hon.
Friend will know of the growing concerns around social media algorithms increasingly promoting misogynistic and harmful content to children, particularly using the hook of dangerous online influencers.
What steps is she taking working with Cabinet colleagues to protect young people from such destructive influences?
My hon.
Friend raises a concern shared by many across the House, and it is crucial that we root out misogyny, whether it is online or offline.
I am working with colleagues across Government to tackle those dangerous attitudes.
For example, through the Department for Education, we are looking at bringing forward updated relationships, health and sex education guidance to ensure that it prevents and tackles misogyny.
Alongside that, I know the Science, Innovation and Technology Secretary is determined to go further and faster to ensure that children are protected online.
I call the shadow Minister.