It is no longer simply an environmental issue—energy independence should be viewed as part of our national security.”
He must have our lines, Mr Speaker.
What about the Leader of the Opposition herself?
This is what she said:
“We believe that green trade and investment will be the future-proofing force that will help us create a better tomorrow”.
She went on to say
“it’s long-term investment in nuclear and renewables that will reduce our dependence on fossil fuels and keep down consumer costs.”
She has a reputation, apparently, for straight talking: she was right then, wasn’t she?
This approach to net zero is “irrational”; it is “doomed to fail”.
Those aren’t my words; they are Tony Blair’s.
If the Prime Minister wants to throw words about, he should speak to him.
The truth is that the Prime Minister is on another planet.
His net zero plans mean ever more expensive energy.
Across this country, jobs are disappearing.
Last week, a ceramics factory in Stoke closed because of energy costs.
This morning, 250 more job losses have been announced in the North sea, and yet the amount of gas the UK is importing is doubling, so why is he shutting down the North sea rather than getting our oil and gas out of the ground and making energy cheaper?
As I have said many times, oil and gas will be part of the mix for many decades to come, but net zero is an opportunity to be seized.
We have had over £43 billion invested in clean energy since July of last year, which is good for the economy, for business, for jobs, for apprentices and for growth.
The global race is on for the jobs of the future, and I believe Britain can win that race.
I do not think that the Leader of the Opposition is yet a climate denier, but she is a climate defeatist: she does not believe in Britain’s ability to win the race for our economy, businesses and jobs.
They have never backed Britain, and there is nothing patriotic about that.
The Prime Minister has got no answer.
He could not even bring himself to say something to the 250 people who found out this morning that they have lost their job.
The fact is that pensioners are poorer and people are being laid off.
From winter fuel to net zero, his energy policy is a disaster, and everyone knows it.
We know it, the public know it, the unions know it, his MPs know it, and even Tony Blair knows it.
The Prime Minister’s only answer is to go further and faster in the wrong direction.
Why should we all suffer because he will not admit he has got this wrong?
Of course, nobody wants to see job losses, but the Leader of the Opposition should address her comments to the tens of thousands of men and women in this country who are working on renewables for the future of our country, and tell them that she does not want them.
That is anti-growth, anti-jobs and  anti-working people.
Every week, she comes along to talk the country down and carp from the sidelines; she cannot even bring herself to celebrate the deal we have done with India.
The Conservatives spent eight years fiddling around and got absolutely nothing.
We have delivered the best deal since we left the EU—the most ambitious deal for India—which will be measured in billions of pounds into our economy and thousands of jobs in this country.
The Leader of the Opposition should be welcoming that.
The UK automotive sector faces major challenges, and Trump’s tariffs are the latest crisis to hit the industry.
Investment and jobs are now on the line, from Mini to McLaren, Aston Martin, Jaguar Land Rover and many others.