One of my concerns in the UK is about how we make sure that  cinemas—or movie theatres as they are known in the US—can flourish as well.
They can be a really important part of dignity in a town.
A town that has a cinema is likely to be a place that has respect for itself, and I would like to ensure that that continues into the future.
Scotland is now one of the most sought after film destinations in the world, and US film companies regularly base their operations in Scotland.
We have featured in everything from Batman to Indiana Jones to “World War Z”.
All of that, as well as developing the film sector in Scotland, will be put at risk if there is any concept of tariffs at all.
Will the Minister work closely with the Scottish Government in his response to the US?
Will he state quite clearly that such a move would be mutually self-destructive, and that all parties are set to lose if the US proceeds with anything approaching tariffs?
I have already made the point that we think there is a win-win situation.
A strong US movie industry will benefit a strong UK movie industry.
I believe in fair trade and free trade.
In fact, over recent years, it has been worrying that more and more countries have wanted to put up protectionist measures around a whole series of industries.
It has tended not to happen in services, and to be more about goods, which is one of the other issues.
The hon.
Member is right about Scotland.
I am very keen on working with all the devolved Administrations to make sure that we remain the best place in which to make films and high-end television.
I do not know whether anybody has watched “Havoc”—[Interruption.]
Sorry, I was not referring to the Conservative party.
Returning to my point, “Havoc” was all filmed in Wales, but it looks as if it is an American dystopian city.
Warner Brothers Studios Leavesden is in my constituency and a genuinely world-class film and TV production centre.
It provides thousands of jobs, generates significant wealth for the UK economy, and earns South West Hertfordshire the reputation of Hollywood in Hertfordshire.
Major international blockbusters, including “Barbie”, “Mission: Impossible”, “Paddington” and the Harry Potter franchise have been filmed there, and the recently confirmed HBO Harry Potter TV series is set to be filmed there this summer.
Leaving aside the decisions that the Chancellor has made and the impact that they have had on the economy, can the Minister reassure us that he will continue to update the House and the industry more widely about how the Government will mitigate these tariffs if they come to fruition?
We are working on making sure that we have a proper trade deal that would not just mitigate the tariffs, but mean that we would not end up in the situation that the hon.
Gentleman has just described.
I know Leavesden well, and, for that matter, Warner was in touch very quickly—actually I think I was in touch with it very quickly on Monday morning.
I  am very hopeful that it will be part of our discussions when I gather the industry together tomorrow afternoon, but the hon.
Gentleman makes a good point none  the less.
Unlike many others in the House, I cannot say that my area—Totnes—has film studios, or that a major movie has been made in my constituency, but we do have a lot of creatives living in our community, from writers to musicians and producers.
We also have a costume maker, who happens to be my daughter.
I am very proud of her and she is entering this industry—an industry that we should all be proud of.
If these tariffs materialise, they will deal another blow to the UK film industry following the strikes that we have already seen.