He has been holding out for the redress scheme for victims of child sexual abuse, and for a written apology for the life-changing experiences to which he was subjected.
On behalf of Keith and many others in his situation, why have the Government reportedly scrapped the Conservative plans for a redress scheme in England and Wales?
I pay tribute to the hon.
Lady’s constituent, and to the many others who came forward during the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse, but what I would like to tell him is that when I came to office, there was absolutely no plan on this issue, other than a sentence to say that something would be done around the redress scheme.
I have updated the House fully on the IICSA recommendations, and can tell the hon.
Lady that the plan is still in train.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the issues faced by women with no recourse to public funds who are fleeing domestic violence?
As they may not be eligible for support with housing, they may struggle to find refuge places.
I would appreciate a meeting to discuss this issue.
I will absolutely meet the hon.
Lady to discuss those issues.
The migrant victims of domestic abuse concession applies to all migrant victims, regardless  of the type of visa that they are on, and it should be providing that support, but I am more than happy to meet her.
The Minister is doing sterling work on this issue.
She will know that my passion is for Northern Ireland to be utterly in step with the rest of the UK when it comes to protecting women and girls against violence.
Does she agree that Northern Ireland, its authorities, organisations and employers should implement the recent Supreme Court ruling, and will she join me in calling on the Irish Football Association to be in step with the English and Scottish Football Associations when it comes to the protection of women, on and off the pitch?
I thank the hon.
Lady, and absolutely pay tribute to her work on this issue, which I have seen directly in Northern Ireland.
What I would say, as I am sure anyone would at this Dispatch Box, is that I would always encourage everybody to follow the laws in our country in step.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Three years after Baroness Kennedy’s groundbreaking review on tackling misogyny in law, late on Friday, the SNP said that it would scrap its planned Bill to tackle widespread misogyny and hatred against women.
Plans to tackle misogynistic harassment, the stirring up of hatred, and sending threatening or abusive communications to women, and an aggravated offence of misogyny—all scrapped in favour of a watered-down amendment to the Hate Crime and Public Order (Scotland) Act 2021.
Women across the United Kingdom need action, and reassurance that politicians will root out the attitudes that lead to hatred against women in public life.
If the SNP will not do it, will this Government act to give women the support that they need?
The hon.
Lady makes an impassioned point.
It will be a fundamental part of the violence against women and girls strategy to get to the exact reason why we have ended up with an epidemic of violence against women and girls in all the nations of the United Kingdom, and to root it out.
For too long, we have sought to put ever-bigger plasters on the problem, rather than finding the reason for it and preventing it from happening.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to promote equality as part of the Government mission entitled “break down barriers to opportunity.”
This Government are clear that equality and opportunity are at the heart of our programme of national renewal and economic growth.