I note that some documents produced around the semi-announcement in the United States of America have praised the way that we have done things in the UK, and other parts of the world want to mirror it.
I will take praise wherever I can get it.
The uncertainty of President Trump’s comments puts an unsettledness in the industry, especially in Northern Ireland, where we have the Titanic Studios and Northern Ireland Screen working away.
Titanic Studios is already working on “A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms”, which is a prequel to “Game of Thrones”, so there is a lot of activity going on in the industry.
Will the Minister consider including Northern Ireland Screen in his meeting tomorrow with the industry, rather than leaving it another week to engage with it?
That is a very fair point; I am happy to do that.
I am deeply proud that St Margarets in my constituency has been home to Twickenham Film Studios for over 100 years.
The studios have been involved in production and post-production work for big-name films including “The Italian Job” and “Ghandi”, and most recently they did the Oscar-winning sound production for “Top Gun: Maverick”.
However, they have been beset by financial challenges, from the US writers’ strike to the sky-rocketing business rates mentioned by my hon.
Friend  the Member for St Albans (Daisy Cooper) .
The tariffs could deal a fatal blow to studios such as Twickenham.
Can I urge the Minister, as others have, to work with the Treasury and the Valuation Office Agency on bringing down the rateable value of film studios?
Can I also invite him to follow in the footsteps of Tom Cruise and come to St Margarets to visit Twickenham Film Studios?
The thing is, Tom Cruise does all his own stunts, doesn’t he?
I am a little bit nervous about being dangled off the back of a helicopter or dumped  in a vat of—I don’t know. [
Interruption.]
The shadow Minister says he will happily arrange it.
Well, then, I invite him to see the Rhondda tunnel; we can dangle him down a hole as well.
The hon.
Lady is making a point that has been made several times.
Tom Cruise is one of the biggest investors in the UK because of all the movies that have been made here, and we are very grateful to him.
The British Film Institute will be honouring him next week, and I think that is really good.
As I say, we are the best place in the world to make movies, and we want to continue that.
I feel very left out, not having a studio in my constituency, but we have produced some of the best actors in the world, including Sir Stanley Baker.
I think one of his best films—you will know this, Mr Speaker—was “Sodom and Gomorrah”.
I was thinking of a different film.
What film were you—hang on, we are not meant to do this, are we?
Order, order.
As I was saying, I am also very proud of the young actor Callum Scott Howells, who is doing phenomenally well.
For the final episode, I call Jim Shannon.