Does the Prime Minister now admit that he was wrong to remove the winter fuel payment from millions of pensioners?
The No.
1 job of this Government was to put our finances back in order after the last Government lost control and to deal with the £22 billion black hole that they left.
Because of our action, we have stabilised the economy, invested record amounts in the NHS, made a payment out to the 3 million lowest paid, and of course we are committed to the triple lock, which improved pensions by £470 last year.
Because of the work that we have done, we are a country that countries such as India want to do deals with, because of the messages and the work that we have done.
The only black hole is the one the Prime Minister is digging.
This issue affects some of the poorest and most vulnerable pensioners.
His Mayor in Doncaster says it is wrong; his First Minister in Wales says it is wrong; even his own MPs are saying it is wrong.
He has refused to listen to me on this, so will he at least listen to his own party and change course?
Let me spell this out.
All the opposition parties would take this country back to where it was a few years ago: broken public finances, interest rates through the roof, and NHS waiting lists at an all-time high.
No other party in this House is prepared to say how they would put the finances straight; no other party is saying how they would invest in our NHS and public services; no other party is focused on the long-term prosperity of Britain.
No one on the Labour Benches is denying how big are the challenges that we face, but no one on the opposition Benches is even prepared to take those challenges on.
We would not balance it on the backs of pensioners.
Pensioners are poorer and colder because of his decisions.
All the while, energy has got more expensive for everyone.
Why has the Prime Minister broken his promise to cut energy bills by £300?
The way to bring energy bills down for good is to deliver cheap, clean, home-grown energy.
In the meantime, we have extended the warm home discount to 6 million households—one in five families—and that is £150 off their bills next winter.
What will not bring energy bills down is the Leader of the Opposition’s policy, leaving us hooked on fossil fuels and at the mercy of dictators like Putin.
I will tell you what else will not bring bills down: the Conservatives blocking every piece of infrastructure that is needed in their own backyards.
They balanced the books and crashed the economy on the backs of millions of working people in this country—that is why those people delivered the verdict that they did at the last general election.
The Prime Minister talks about clean energy.
We have the second highest amount of renewables on the grid in Europe, and yet we still have the highest energy bills.
This is not about clean energy.
The Prime Minister has broken another promise.
He will not admit it, but is the truth not that he cannot cut energy bills because of his net zero policy?
Energy bills based on fossil fuels have fluctuated massively in the last three years because we are exposed to the international markets.
The only  way to get bills down is to go to renewable energy, which is something that the Leader of the Opposition used to believe in.
In the words of the shadow Chancellor,  the right hon.
Member for Central Devon (Sir Mel Stride) , the shift to net zero
“must now happen as a matter of urgency.
It is no longer simply an environmental issue—energy independence should be viewed as part of our national security.”
He must have our lines, Mr Speaker.
What about the Leader of the Opposition herself?