Landlords such as Jason are being battered by Labour’s jobs tax and the  slashing of small business rate relief, meaning that as many as half of Britain’s pubs could be closed by 2030.
Why does he hate Britain’s pubs, and if he does not, why is he taxing them into extinction?
Nobody likes pubs better than me, and we support them.
This is the same old nonsense: the Opposition say they do not want the rise in national insurance contributions, but they do not have the courage to say they would reverse it, because they know that if they did say that, they would be unable to say where the money is coming from.
That is how we got into the problem in the first place.
Few things are more harrowing than a parent’s desperate and repeated attempts to access the mental health support their child needs.
Organisations such as Smile, a counselling service supporting young people in my constituency, are stepping into the breach while young people languish on waiting lists without the help they need.
Over the past decade, Smile has been a lifeline for thousands.
Will the Prime Minister join me in wishing Declan and the team at Smile a very happy 10th birthday, and thank them for their invaluable work in supporting our young people and families?
I join my hon.
Friend and commend all the staff at Smile for their vital work.
Far too many young people are left without the support they need, and that is why we are recruiting an additional 8,500 mental health workers, providing access to specialist mental health professionals in every school and funding talking therapies across the country to bring down waiting times and get people the care they need.
With the so-called EU-UK reset summit less than two weeks away, will the Prime Minister reassure the House that he will not hand over any British sovereign powers, particularly the hard-won controls over our UK fishing waters, in backroom deals with Brussels?
As the hon.
Member knows, we have committed to resetting the relationship with the EU.
We think there is a better deal that can be had.
I am   not going to provide a running commentary.
What I can say is this: we will act only, as we always do, in the national interest.
We have secured a very good deal with India, we are talking to the US and we are going for a reset with the EU to boost our economy.
As you know, Mr Speaker, I am alarmed by news that the Press Association, which assiduously covers our exchanges here, may cut back its dawn-to-dusk coverage through redundancies.
Hansard faithfully records our words, but it is reporters in the Press Gallery who bear witness to the human drama here, and no amount of AI will replace the human eyes in the Press Gallery.
Will the Prime Minister join me and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rochdale (Paul Waugh)  in calling on the newspapers and media outlets that fund the Press Association to hold the front page and reconsider these rash moves?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important point.
We enjoy a free press and independent journalism in this country.
Across the world, journalists risk their lives, and lose their lives, doing what they do best: independently pursuing the truth.
On many occasions I have been at award ceremonies, usually on a yearly basis, where the names of those journalists who have lost either their lives or their freedom is read out, and it is always a humbling reminder of the really important work that they do.
As you know, Mr Speaker, Parliament has banned the charging of electric vehicles in its underground car park because of safety concerns.
Yet local authorities around the country often feel powerless to stop the construction of battery energy storage systems near people’s homes and near our rivers and canals, despite three fires already this year.