I remember that when we were in opposition, I was regularly knocking on the door of the now shadow Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for Daventry (Stuart Andrew) , trying to get him to do something to persuade the Treasury to do something about business rates.
I am fully on board, and I understand the problem.
I look forward to  the right hon.
Member for Hertsmere (Sir Oliver Dowden)  assisting me in more endeavours in the future.
Hugh Bonneville told me that  he was slightly upset when he signed up to “Paddington in Peru”, because he thought that he would be filming in Peru, but he only got as far as Borehamwood.
The economy is set to benefit from a £50 billion boost from the Universal theme park in Bedfordshire, which will star Paddington Bear; all Members will welcome that.
Does the Minister agree that stars like Paddington Bear have an enormous amount of soft power?
We have heard that in the Chamber today.
What can the Minister do to reassure me that he will ensure that we protect and support the next generation of Great British storytellers?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
I am delighted that the theme park will happen; it will be transformational for the British tourism industry, apart from anything else, and it will be the largest theme park across the whole of Europe.
I am very grateful to my colleagues in the Treasury, who certainly delivered when it was necessary in relation to that.
I emphasise how important not just our film industry, but our high-end television—and, for that matter, the very existence of the BBC and stuff produced by ITV and many others—is as part of our soft power, although I think Paddington probably counts as hard power.
Shinfield Studios in Wokingham borough has brought hundreds of jobs to my constituents and to many across Berkshire.
It is a very important part of our local economy and a symbol of the UK’s creative strength.
We must not forget that Berkshire is the Hollywood of Britain, and it must be protected from Donald Trump’s reckless tariffs.
Will the Minister condemn these harmful tariffs and work with the film industry to ensure that the UK remains the world’s premier destination for film investment?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
We want to maintain the UK as the premier destination for international investment from not just the United States of America, but India, which I have already referenced, and Nigeria; I would like to see a lot more co-production between the UK and Nigeria.
It is worth bearing in mind that 51% of our movie exports go to the European Union, so this is a genuinely open market, and my belief is that free trade is better than tariffs.
The Minister will know that the UK has a world-leading film and TV workforce that flies the flag for collaboration, British talent and economic growth around the world.
But he will also know that much of our film workforce is freelance and that they will be watching this news with anxiety, particularly as many of them are still recovering from the impact of the recent US industrial action.
I thank the Minister for his hard work.
I am pleased that he has spoken to Phillipa Childs, the head of Bectu.
The union Bectu is a fearless champion for our industry in the UK.
Will he join me in reassuring Bectu members and our film workforce that we are on their side and that, whatever happens, we will help protect film talent in the UK?
I shall make two points in reply to that question.
First, there have been difficulties over the past couple of years in the UK film and high-end television   industry because of what happened in the United States of America.
That makes the point about the mutuality between the US and the UK film industry all the stronger.