They have been in power for nearly two decades; they have absolutely nowhere to hide their appalling record.
I thank the Prime Minister for recently visiting the now royal port of Barrow in my constituency to lay the keel for the new Dreadnought-class submarines.
He will have seen how proud we are to build our nuclear deterrent, which keeps us safe.
As we move forward with our plan for change, does he agree that Barrow and Furness could provide a blueprint for the whole country, with defence investment creating jobs, growth and prosperity in communities across the UK?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The royal port of Barrow provides a model for how defence can be a catalyst for skilled, well-paid jobs throughout the United Kingdom.
I was proud and humbled to be able to thank the crew of the Vanguard submarine that was returning home after months away, with four of those on board returning to their newborn children.
That is the change that will come from our spending 2.5% of GDP on defence, for the first time since the last Labour Government.
Extra investment in Barrow has been made possible by my hon.
Friend and this Government; those in the Conservative party made promises, but, as usual, they never, ever set the money aside.
Ahead of the 80th anniversary of VE Day, may I thank the Prime Minister for his Government’s recognition of the highly dangerous and clandestine work of the 1,746 pilots and navigators who formed the RAF’s photographic reconnaissance squadrons, and the 635 Buckinghamshire-based photographic interpreters—often forgotten—whose service will be marked with a national memorial near the Churchill war rooms?
They had a death rate of nearly 50% and a life expectancy of only two and a half months, but they nevertheless captured 26 million images of enemy operations, providing daily, up-to-date intelligence, via the interpreters’ analysis, to the strategists in the Cabinet war rooms, for all our armed forces.
May I ask the Prime Minister to join me when that national memorial is unveiled so that we can pay our respects to the likes of the late Captain Wilfred Bruce Tilley DFC, of Axbridge in my constituency, and the other amazing young men and women whose work was so critical to the safety of millions of people in this country and elsewhere?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising that very important issue.
I am sure that Members on both sides of the House would support a memorial to the service and sacrifice of those veterans.
The bravery and service of individuals such as Captain Tilley, and others in the Photographic Reconnaissance Unit and the photographic interpretation units, saved the lives of many servicemen and servicewomen and, of course, civilians, and—as the hon.
Lady rightly pointed out—the cost was the many casualties in those units.
As we mark the 80th anniversary of VE Day, we will remember those who helped to secure our greatest victory.
The London borough of Hackney spends £54 million a year, and rising, on temporary accommodation.
Not only is that costing the taxpayer dear, but it is wrenching families apart.
Communities are being rent asunder, schools are closing, and families are living in hostels in overcrowded rooms or in far-flung areas outside London.
I welcome our pledge to build 1.5 million new homes, but will the Prime Minister reassure my constituents that social housing is a priority for him?
My hon.
Friend is right: families are desperate for the security of their own homes, and we are delivering the biggest boost to affordable and social housing in a generation, backed by £2 billion of additional investment.
That, and our reforms, will fulfil our ambition to build 88,000 new homes in areas across London, including my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
At the same time, we are tackling the root causes of homelessness, and, of course, scrapping section 21 evictions.
Under the Conservatives, inequality has surged.