How does that square with the harrowing personal testimony from Jade, Chantelle, Scarlett, Erin and Steph in Anna Hall’s Channel 4 documentary aired last week, where concerning questions continued to arise about councils, police, schools, social workers and children’s homes?
It was reported that in up to 50 communities, vulnerable girls who were under age—exploited children—were unbelievably labelled as promiscuous or child prostitutes.
The hon.
Lady points out the terrible things that have gone on historically, and that continue to be a concern across our country.
That is exactly why the Government are investing in the taskforce, which is working across the country with police forces to ensure that people can be arrested and girls can be kept safe.
Arrests have gone up.
Absolutely everybody thinks this issue is terrible.
I remind the hon.
Lady that she gladly served as Women and Equalities Minister under a Prime Minister who said that looking into these historical cases was
“spaffing money up the wall.”
As a child, Jade got a criminal record during her abuse and exploitation, and now she cannot attend her children’s school trips.
Chantelle rightly said,
“We are not the problem.
The men are the problem.”
Although there are plenty of good women on the Front Bench, I have to ask: are this Government simply more interested in protecting their own than staying true to their manifesto pledge?
That pledge says,
“We will use every…tool to target perpetrators”.
Yet Labour is turning its back on that once again; you can hear it.
The Leader of the House called this “dog whistle” politics on national radio.
Why will the Minister and her Front-Bench colleagues not commit to delivering a proper, national, statutory public inquiry, and finally put victims first?
I will absolutely protect my own in this.
My own are the women in our country, who, for the last 14 years, have seen no efforts made.
People say terrible things, and the Leader of the House was right to apologise.
I wonder how many of those on the Opposition Front Bench asked the former Prime Minister to apologise for saying that looking into the lives of the girls we are talking about, through a statutory inquiry that had already happened, was spaffing money up the wall.
Where was the outrage?
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on access to venture capital for women.
A £250 billion boost could be added to the UK economy if women were given the same opportunity as men to start and scale their business.
That is why it is a priority  for this Government to increase access to capital for women-led businesses, and to continue to work, as the Chancellor has also outlined, with the Women’s Business Council and the invest in women taskforce, and on supporting the FTSE Women Leaders programme.
We have backed the invest in women taskforce, which launched an initial £255 million fund, and there is a £50 million commitment from the British Business Bank to investment via female investors in women-led businesses.
For every £1 of equity funding, only 2p goes to fully female-funded business—a figure that has barely shifted in recent years.
Closing that gap could unlock up to £250 billion for the UK economy.
Will the Minister outline what further steps the Department will take in collaboration with the Treasury and the Department for Business and Trade to address that persistent inequality and support female entrepreneurs in scaling their businesses?
My hon.
Friend is right; for too long, innovative women-led start-ups have been held back due to a lack of finance, with the proportion of equity capital investment going to all female-founded firms stuck at around 2% in the UK for the last decade.
Alongside the invest in women taskforce, the Department for Business and Trade is leading on the investing in women code, and working with finance providers to increase access to finance, resources and networks for women-led businesses.