The Leader of the Opposition should be welcoming that.
The UK automotive sector faces major challenges, and Trump’s tariffs are the latest crisis to hit the industry.
Investment and jobs are now on the line, from Mini to McLaren, Aston Martin, Jaguar Land Rover and many others.
Will the Prime Minister continue to make those companies’ case in his talks with the US regime and remain a champion for this vital sector, unlike the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage), who believes that Jaguar deserves to go bust?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
We are backing British car companies such as JLR, and our India trade deal will see tariffs slashed for car sales, which is good for British jobs.
The criticism of the double taxation is incoherent nonsense.
It is a benefit to working people; it is in the agreements that we already have with 50 other countries.
If  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  or the Leader of the Opposition are seriously suggesting that they are going to tear up agreements with 50 other countries, creating a massive hole in our economy, they should get up and say so.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
As we celebrate 80 years since Britain led our allies to victory over fascism, I pay tribute on behalf of the Liberal Democrats to all those who struggled and sacrificed so much for our freedoms today.
I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks about the conflict in Kashmir and, with him, urge restraint and de-escalation on both sides.
Among the messages that voters sent to Ministers last week, one stood out: bring back the winter fuel payment for millions of struggling pensioners.
People will therefore be disappointed that the Prime Minister failed to do so today.
He says that he wants to “go further and faster” to clean up the mess left by the Conservatives, but on social care, which is so crucial for our NHS, he is going slower and slower.
Not only will the Casey commission take three years, we learned on Friday that the Government plan to take an extra seven years to implement it—it will not be implemented until 2036.
Will the Prime Minister rip up that timetable, make sure that he does not repeat the mess made by  the Conservatives, and get on with fixing social care  this year?
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, we are taking this in two stages.
We are already taking measures to increase support for social care—quite right too—while doing the long work to reform it and make sure we put a system in place.
However, I say to the right hon.
Gentleman once again that he comes to the Chamber every week saying that we should spend  more money, while at the same time saying that he does not want to pay for any of the measures to raise that money.
That is nonsense.
I am disappointed by that answer, and I will keep coming back to hold the Prime Minister to account.
People also want a Government who will stand up for our country against Donald Trump.
First, he came for our steelworkers and our car makers with his outrageous tariffs.
Now, Donald Trump is coming for our world-leading British film industry.
Will the Prime Minister work with our allies in Europe and the Commonwealth and make it clear to President Trump that if he picks a fight with James Bond, Bridget Jones and Paddington Bear, he will lose?
The right hon.
Gentleman really should listen to the sectors that he thinks he is championing.
They do not want us to abandon the work we are doing to try to get an agreement with America; they want that agreement to reduce tariffs.
That is the sensible, pragmatic way to protect our national interest.