I shall make two points in reply to that question.
First, there have been difficulties over the past couple of years in the UK film and high-end television   industry because of what happened in the United States of America.
That makes the point about the mutuality between the US and the UK film industry all the stronger.
The truth is that I would like the US movie industry to be strong, because if it is strong, our industry will be strong as well.
There are net benefits for both of us, and there is a win-win situation.
The second point is about freelance work.
I have often worried that so much of the creative industries relies on freelance workers.
In many cases, that is great, because people want that kind of career, but they also need some degree of security if they are to be able to take out a mortgage and plan their economic future.
That is definitely one of the things that we will look at in relation to the industrial strategy, which we hope to be publishing soon.
The film industry is enormously important to the Buckinghamshire economy.
Pinewood Studios is in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Beaconsfield (Joy Morrissey) , but many of my constituents are supported in jobs not just at the studios themselves, but in the many supply-chain businesses that feed into them.
Pinewood goes over and above most other businesses I know in providing opportunities for young people through its Futures Festival, which showcases every single career that can be had in the film industry.
Much of that success is actually achieved on American money, because companies such as Disney and Amazon use Pinewood out of choice.
Therefore, on top of what the Minister has said about working with the Trump Administration to try to avoid these tariffs, can he assure us that he is working with companies such as Disney and Amazon to ensure that those American brands are speaking up to say why they are choosing Pinewood and other UK studios?
I think the first text message that I received early on Monday morning was from Pinewood.
So, yes, I am on that case as well, but it is not just about Amazon and Disney; it is also about the streamers and a whole series of other such organisations making their product here in the United Kingdom.
Of course, Pinewood is the home of Bond, which also makes the point, because historically the distribution rights for Bond were, I think, with an American company, but the production rights were with Barbara Broccoli and her relatives.
All of that is now with the US, but let me put it this way: I am very hopeful that Bond will still always be British.
I am glad that the Minister mentioned the phrase “win-win”, because in international trade in the film industry and the creative industries, it has to be about win-win rather than zero sum.
When I discussed this industry with Fabien Riggall, the founder of Secret Cinema, it became absolutely clear that we have such incredible innovators in our creative industry, and in the film sector specifically.
For them to flourish, we need to retain that sense that it is a win-win situation internationally and for the UK, not zero sum.
My hon.
Friend makes an extremely good point.
I will, if I might, just leap off the word cinema to make the point that film is not just about production, but about finding audiences.
One of my concerns in the UK is about how we make sure that  cinemas—or movie theatres as they are known in the US—can flourish as well.
They can be a really important part of dignity in a town.
A town that has a cinema is likely to be a place that has respect for itself, and I would like to ensure that that continues into the future.