This weekend we heard rumours that the whole Department is up for the chop under his Government—I am not sure if that is before or after he has sacrificed our creative industries on the altar of AI.
The Minister is a brilliant communicator, and I know that deep in his heart he cares passionately about this issue, but when will he show some grit and action on behalf of our world-leading creative industries, in particular our screen sector?
I hope the hon.
Lady accepts that there are areas where I have taken very deliberate action on the back of recommendations from her Committee, not least in relation to a levy on gig and arena tickets to  fund support for small music venues—but I take her point.
I was not aware that we had asked for an extension.
We will get on with providing a response to her as fast as possible.
It was an excellent report; I have read it.
It contains lots of good things that I want to take forward, but we probably will not be able to do everything in it.
It is really important that we focus on skills in the UK screen industry; that has been raised repeatedly with me.
I want every kid in the country to have a chance to work in the creative industries, including in film and high-end television.
Many would not even think that that was a possibility, so we need to transform the whole pathway into those industry skills; I know that that is one of the things that the hon.
Lady’s Committee has raised.
Whether it is because of the fantastic, state-of-the-art Shinfield Studios just up the road, access to fantastic filming locations such as Swinley forest on the Crown Estate, or our incredible transport links, Bracknell Forest is increasingly becoming a go-to location for the film industry.
As the Minister has already touched on, we need to see more emphasis placed on home-grown skills, so that young people in Bracknell can access the fantastic opportunities that the film sector offers.
Will he say a bit more about what this Government will do to break down the barriers to opportunity in the film industry?
We have already invested significant amounts of money in the skills sector, and more came as a result of the Budget.
My hon.
Friend is quite right that his patch is a go-to area for film production.
One reason that US companies—and, for that matter, companies from many places around the world—come to the UK to make films is for our skills; we have some of the best cinematographers, technical experts and designers, as well as the acting talent, which means that it is possible to make a very convincing film in the UK more effectively and cheaply than in many other places.
We are determined to ensure that the UK remains the best place in the world to make movies.
Film studios are a really important part of our economy in Hertfordshire and give opportunities, jobs, apprenticeships and work experience to people in my constituency.
As the Minister has recognised, it is not remotely clear yet how the tariffs will operate, and many have said that they are unworkable, but if America goes ahead and we have to take action in this country to ensure that our film industry is competitive, I urge him to look at the business rates regime with the Treasury.
Sky Studios Elstree near my constituency has seen its business rates go up by more than 600%—they now account for 30% of its operating costs.
I encourage the Minister to look at tackling that regime, as one measure to ensure that we protect our creative industries and the film sector here in the UK.
The hon.
Lady makes a good point, which has been raised with me by several other Members.