Yes, I am happy to give my hon.
Friend that commitment.
I know how seriously the Health Secretary takes this issue, because he knows, as I do, that too many women have been failed by poor maternal care and during traumatic experiences, and that all women deserve safe, compassionate care in those often quite difficult times that they can experience.
That is why we are committed to training thousands more midwives and, through our NHS 10-year plan, we will ensure that there is equitable access right across the country for all women as they experience pregnancy and childbirth.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 7 May.
Rising tensions between India and Pakistan will be of serious concern for many across Britain.
We are engaging urgently with both countries as well as other international partners, encouraging dialogue, de-escalation and the protection of civilians.
Britain will fall silent tomorrow to mark the anniversary of VE Day.
It is a day to remember our greatest generation, whose courage and selflessness won a victory over tyranny and evil.
Past and present, the service of our armed forces defends our freedom, protects the values that we stand for, and makes this country so proud.
The landmark deal we have secured with India is a huge win for working people in this country.
After years of negotiation, this Government have delivered in months, slashing tariffs, boosting wages and unleashing opportunities for UK businesses.
It is the biggest trade deal the UK has delivered since we left the EU.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
In 2018 my constituent, Richard Wellington, was diagnosed with a glioblastoma and given just 12 months to live.
Against the odds, he is still with us today.
He knows his time is limited, however, and is determined to leave a legacy by improving brain cancer treatment for others.
His courage is inspiring and he shows extraordinary resilience, but patients with brain tumours fell through the cracks in our healthcare system under the Conservatives, and this must end.
Will the Prime Minister set out how Labour will speed up cancer diagnosis and improve treatment times for brain tumour patients such as Richard as we go further with our plan for change?
I send my best wishes and, I am sure, those of the House to Richard and to every family living with cancer for their courage and fortitude.
I also pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mitcham and Morden (Dame Siobhain McDonagh)  for her work to raise awareness of the devastating impact of brain cancer.
I am really proud that our plan for change has already delivered faster diagnosis for more than 80,000 cancer patients.
We are rolling out Cancer 360, which has groundbreaking new technology that will slash treatment delays across the NHS, as well as investing in more scanners, surgical hubs and radiotherapy machines.
It is important work that is only happening because of our decision to make a record investment in the NHS, opposed by every other party.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
Can I echo the Prime Minister’s comments?
It was an honour to meet veterans at the VE Day parade on Monday  and to commemorate the sacrifice of that generation.
I look forward to marking VE Day at Westminster Abbey tomorrow.
Does the Prime Minister now admit that he was wrong to remove the winter fuel payment from millions of pensioners?
The No.
1 job of this Government was to put our finances back in order after the last Government lost control and to deal with the £22 billion black hole that they left.