I encourage the Minister to look at tackling that regime, as one measure to ensure that we protect our creative industries and the film sector here in the UK.
The hon.
Lady makes a good point, which has been raised with me by several other Members.
We made special provision in the Budget to ensure that the business rates for studios are protected until 2034, and I think that is a good measure.
I know that some of the very large studios are finding it more difficult, and   I am happy to continue looking at the issue.
Let me read some statistics that may be helpful.
According to a report published in January by the Motion Picture Association of the United States of America, in 2023 the US earned $22.6 billion in film and television exports, and its services trade surplus was $15.3 billion, or 6% of the total US trade surplus in services.
It is mutually beneficial for the US and the UK to remain with the system we have, without tariffs.
As you will be aware, Mr Speaker, Harlow is the birthplace of Rupert Grint, Jo Joyner and Rik Mayall.
I have to mention Leila Khan too, because I used to teach her and she is an up-and-coming star.
Harlow has also recently doubled as Paris in an episode of “The Crown”.
Does the Minister agree that Harlow, as well as the rest of the UK, has a huge amount of talent and that, far from relying on US film imports, we produce some fantastic films in this country and our film industry is growing?
What can this Government do to support it to continue to grow and thrive?
My hon.
Friend is quite right about Harlow.
I would argue that many different parts of the UK that have never yet managed to get into films need to up their game.
Local authorities can play a role in ensuring that their area is considered as a potential place to make a film.
It is often about whether other facilities are available in the local area that can contribute to that.
He makes a fair point on behalf of Harlow, and if there is a film, he will be starring in it.
I may be able to help the Minister: Paddington Bear actually lives in Borehamwood, because the movie “Paddington” was produced in my constituency at Elstree Studios, which sits alongside Sky Studios Elstree as a jewel in the crown of the British industry.
It is no surprise that Donald Trump is jealous because, by many accounts, more film and television content is produced in Hertfordshire than in Hollywood.
As the Minister rightly said, the current situation is of mutual benefit to our two nations.
There is one thing that he could do right now, though, and for once I agree with the Minister—sorry, I meant to say  the hon.
Member for St Albans (Daisy Cooper) ; I will get my facts right in a moment.
The key point is that business rates are proving to be crippling for many of our studios, including Elstree, so I urge the Minister to have another go at the Treasury.
I remember a similar situation with the culture recovery fund; the Treasury is resistant to begin with, but if he keeps going, he will get some further movement.
That would be a huge fillip to the industry and would help it to withstand whatever shocks it may face.
I am very confused about who is and is not a Minister these days.
I accept the point: it is clearly an issue.
I remember that when we were in opposition, I was regularly knocking on the door of the now shadow Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for Daventry (Stuart Andrew) , trying to get him to do something to persuade the Treasury to do something about business rates.
I am fully on board, and I understand the problem.