Gentleman really should listen to the sectors that he thinks he is championing.
They do not want us to abandon the work we are doing to try to get an agreement with America; they want that agreement to reduce tariffs.
That is the sensible, pragmatic way to protect our national interest.
It is not sensible or pragmatic to choose between the US and the EU, to abandon the work we are doing on trade with the US and to leave the tariffs exactly where they are.
That is the most damaging thing that could possibly be done.
I refer the House to my declaration in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
For young people in Ipswich, there is no shortage of ambition, just a need for greater opportunities.
That is why last autumn I was proud to sign an agreement with Sizewell C to guarantee 500 jobs for people in my town, alongside additional investment for Suffolk New college’s courses on welding, engineering and fabrication, so that kids in my town can access the well-paid, secure, skilled jobs on offer.
May I therefore urge the Prime Minister to support a final investment decision for Sizewell C, not just for our country’s energy security, but for the once-in-a-generation opportunities for young people in Ipswich and Suffolk?
It is good to see a local Labour MP fighting for jobs in his constituency and achieving excellent results.
We will make our final investment decision at the spending review.
It is something that the Conservatives failed to deliver in 14 years.
We are unashamedly pro-nuclear, pro-growth and pro-jobs.
That is why we are making it easier to build small modular reactors and scrapping absurd rules that left vital projects tangled up in needless paperwork.
We are doing the work that they failed to do in 14 years.
Prior to the election, the Prime Minister promised that energy bills would come down; they continue to rise.
He promised that he would save the refinery at Grangemouth; it is shut.
He promised that he would unleash a generation of secure energy jobs in my city of Aberdeen.
Today, Harbour Energy—the largest independent player in the North sea—has announced that it is about to shed 25% of its workforce.
That is 250 jobs in my constituency gone in the blink of his eye.
Do you know who they   blame, Mr Speaker?
They blame the policies of theLabour party.
May I ask the Prime Minister—in fact, may I invite him to come to Aberdeen and explain to my constituents why he is willing to move heaven and earth to save jobs in Scunthorpe, while destroying jobs in Scotland?
Nobody wants to see job losses, but I remind the right hon.
Member that before we came into office 10 months ago, the Scottish National party Government in Holyrood, alongside the Conservative Government, did absolutely nothing for projects such as Grangemouth.
We have committed £200 million to secure the future of the site; we have delivered a £100 million deal; and we are helping with the training guarantees that are needed.
Like his First Minister, the right hon.
Gentleman will raise anything to distract from the SNP’s disastrous record, with almost one in six Scots stuck on an NHS waiting list, poor standards and violence in Scottish schools, and more than £1 billion cut from local government.
We gave the Scottish Government the biggest settlement since devolution.
They have been in power for nearly two decades; they have absolutely nowhere to hide their appalling record.
I thank the Prime Minister for recently visiting the now royal port of Barrow in my constituency to lay the keel for the new Dreadnought-class submarines.
He will have seen how proud we are to build our nuclear deterrent, which keeps us safe.