The Conservative party utterly failed to grip delivery on HS2.
Costs went through the roof, and timelines were shredded.
There were false promises and a total failure.
We are reviewing the position that we inherited, and we are committed to improving rail connectivity across the north.
We have already announced £450 million extra for the key trans-Pennine route upgrade, which will slash journey times and deliver growth and more reliable modern services for passengers.
This week, the Israeli Government approved a plan to officially conquer Gaza.
Just yesterday, Minister Smotrich vowed that Gaza will be “entirely destroyed” and that the Palestinians will have to
“leave in great numbers to third countries.”
This follows the extermination of over 50,000 Palestinian men, women and children, and the simultaneous expansion of illegal settlements in the west bank—something I witnessed with my own eyes last week.
Will the Prime Minister now finally acknowledge that ethnic cleansing is under way and end all UK military co-operation with Israel, especially the illegal provision of F-35 fighter jet parts, or will he risk making Britain complicit in war crimes and be the Prime Minister to see Britain answer at The Hague for its role in this atrocity?
Most of what the hon.
Gentleman says is simply not right, but I want to address the position in Gaza and the west bank, because it is increasingly intolerable.
I am deeply concerned, particularly with the lack of aid getting in and the impact that that is having on hundreds of thousands of individuals.
That concern is something I recently reaffirmed to the Prime Minister of the Palestinian Authority, where I asserted again that a two-state solution is the only viable approach for peace.
Our focus is on delivering peace for Palestinians and Israelis, returning to the ceasefire, getting the hostages out, and getting in the humanitarian aid that is desperately needed in greater number and more quickly.
As a result of a relationship breakdown, my constituent Martin and his three children ended up homeless.
They have gone from living in a hotel to temporary accommodation.
Martin feels abandoned because Glasgow city council has not been in contact for months.
The months of uncertainty have disrupted all their lives, but Martin is especially worried about the impact on his children’s education.
Like any father, he wants stability for his family, but the lack of social housing means they are stuck in complete limbo.
Does the Prime Minister agree with me that every child, no matter where they live, deserves a safe home and access to a good education, and that in every part of the UK we need to build more social housing in order to end homelessness?
I am deeply sorry to hear about Martin’s case, and I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend’s comments about every family deserving a safe and a secure home.
In England, that is why we are investing an additional £2 billion to help deliver the biggest increase in social and affordable house building in a generation.
But in Scotland it is, frankly, disgraceful that over 10,000 children have no fixed home to call their own after nearly 20 years of an SNP Government.
That is the highest level ever and shows why Scotland desperately needs a new direction.
Last week I was talking to Jason, a pub landlord, and he told me that he has heard a rumour about the Prime Minister. [ “
Ooh!”]
Not that one, not that one.
He has heard that there is a reason why the Prime Minister hates Britain’s pubs.
Landlords such as Jason are being battered by Labour’s jobs tax and the  slashing of small business rate relief, meaning that as many as half of Britain’s pubs could be closed by 2030.
Why does he hate Britain’s pubs, and if he does not, why is he taxing them into extinction?
Nobody likes pubs better than me, and we support them.