We also have a costume maker, who happens to be my daughter.
I am very proud of her and she is entering this industry—an industry that we should all be proud of.
If these tariffs materialise, they will deal another blow to the UK film industry following the strikes that we have already seen.
Will the Minister assure us that he is ready to protect and insulate the UK film industry and all the jobs that it sustains, particularly freelance jobs, by pushing for either tax credits or business rate adjustments?
I find it difficult to believe that there has not ever been a film made in Devon, but if that is the case, one of my major aims must be to make sure that in the next few years a film is made in Devon.
Perhaps we will be able to get the hon.
Member a bit part.
I will, if I may, just refer back to Cheltenham.
One of the films made in Cheltenham many, many years ago was “If”, which is wonderful and was directed by Lindsay Anderson.
The word “if” is a very important one at the moment, because we are talking about if these tariffs were to be imposed.
On Sunday, the President of the United States said:
“WE WANT MOVIES MADE IN AMERICA, AGAIN!”
Does the Minister agree that the key to making great movies is to ensure artistic freedom and expression and to grow the necessary skills?
With that in mind, would he visit Tech Trowbridge in my constituency, which is doing a good job in upskilling young people in multimedia?
Yes.
As a one-time producer of a British-made film, I am proud that North Norfolk has been the backdrop for many great films, including “Alan Partridge: Alpha Papa”.
It is no wonder that President Trump would want to dissuade such a film from coming to America, as Steve Coogan himself has said that
“the only person on Earth who’s more Alan Partridge than Alan Partridge is Donald Trump.”
Can the Minister assure the blossoming creative sector in North Norfolk that he values its contributions to our economy, and can he give reassurance that the Government will do everything they can to protect the sector from another Trump trade tantrum?
The hon.
Member refers to some things I have already spoken about, but why did he not make his film in Devon?
He has obviously not got the message from his party colleagues.
There are lots of great British films that will be watched in American cinemas over the weeks to come, and I am certain that no President would want to say, “Don’t watch British films”.
One of the films I enjoyed most over the last few months was “Conclave”, which was a phenomenal success and remarkably timely.
The film industry is important in Northern Ireland; the Executive have poured a considerable amount of money into Northern Ireland Screen, and the internationally successful “Game  of Thrones” was filmed in Northern Ireland, much of it in my constituency.
We can see the benefits of that, as tens of millions of pounds have been poured in for building sets, for costumes and for catering, and even now thousands of tourists come every year to see where the filming was, so there is a long legacy.
I welcome the way in which the Minister is dealing with this situation.
Tariffs are speculation at the moment, but before they become policy it is important that we get the message over to the Administration.
Will he ensure that in constructing his arguments he consults with the Northern Ireland Executive to ensure that Northern Ireland’s voice is heard in these discussions?
A rather “Lawrence of Arabia” question.
The right hon.
Gentleman makes a good point.