Will he commit to immediately meeting film industry leaders in the UK to co-ordinate a response in this area, and will the Government back our world-leading creatives by doing the right thing on AI and copyright?
I could have predicted half the hon.
Gentleman’s question, because I knew Paddington would get in there.
On a serious note, I am meeting industry representatives tomorrow afternoon, and I look forward to understanding their precise concerns, in addition to the obvious concerns that we all share.
I want to caution slightly against a word that has been used three times now, I think, with Members saying that President Trump has “announced” something.
A clear policy has not been announced—I think we need  to be careful about that.
As I said earlier, it is difficult to see how a tariff would be imposed on a service or on films in this way.
I want to be careful and precise in the way we move forward on this.
I have been asked what we are doing: we have already had people in Washington DC talking with people in the Trump Administration at the highest level, and we will progress that.
Of course, we want to do everything we can to preserve the strength of the industry.
I declare an interest, as one of my little sisters works in the UK film and TV industry; I am immensely proud of her.
I urge the Minister to look at how we bolster home-made film and TV as part of the soon-to-be published creative industries sector plan, particularly in Northumbria, where we have some of the most wonderful landscapes; a couple of years ago we sadly lost Sycamore Gap, which provided a memorable backdrop, but we also have Hadrian’s wall.
We also have a fantastic workforce, but too often I see young people having to leave the north-east to get creative opportunities elsewhere in the UK.
That is an extremely well-made point, and I would add to it something I said when I appeared before the Select Committee—from whom I suppose we might hear in a moment—which is that I am very keen on having a mixed economy in the British film industry.
Sometimes we will be making films for other markets; sometimes we will be making films that tell predominantly British stories about the way we are in this country and selling them around the world, but where the intellectual property remains with British production companies.
That is the mix that we need to achieve.
The hon.
Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson)  referred to our relationship with the US.
I should also say that the Secretary of State was in India last week; both she and I want to ensure that we also have a much stronger relationship with India, which is one of the fastest growing economies in the world.
We think we can do a great deal more in that film production space as well.
I call the Chair of the Culture, Media and Sport Committee.
There is no doubt that this speculation will cause huge worry to those working in British film production, but, as the Minister says, it highlights once again the importance of bolstering the British screen sector.
We recommended steps to deliver that in a recent Select Committee report, yet within days of publishing it, his Department had already asked for an extension to the time in which it would respond.
This weekend we heard rumours that the whole Department is up for the chop under his Government—I am not sure if that is before or after he has sacrificed our creative industries on the altar of AI.
The Minister is a brilliant communicator, and I know that deep in his heart he cares passionately about this issue, but when will he show some grit and action on behalf of our world-leading creative industries, in particular our screen sector?
I hope the hon.