For too long, we have sought to put ever-bigger plasters on the problem, rather than finding the reason for it and preventing it from happening.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to promote equality as part of the Government mission entitled “break down barriers to opportunity.”
This Government are clear that equality and opportunity are at the heart of our programme of national renewal and economic growth.
The opportunity mission is all about creating a fairer Britain, giving every child the best start in life through our plan for change, building skills for the future and ultimately driving up household incomes.
Just last month, we rolled out the first 750 new free breakfast clubs, to give children the best start to their school days and families more choice at work.
Under the previous Government, there was an increase in inequality and in the attainment gap, and lower performance in core subjects such as maths and science.
Dyslexic students and students with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in my constituency of Broxtowe have been further disadvantaged by delays and misdiagnosis.
What steps is the Minister taking to support young people with dyslexia and ADHD to ensure that they succeed?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that important issue, which I know will be of concern to Members across the House.
The Government know that all too often, children with special educational needs and disabilities do not have the good educational outcomes that we would all want for them.
It is really important that we do more to support neurodivergent children and young people, including those with dyslexia and ADHD.
That is why we have established a neuro-divergence taskforce—an expert group that will support us to deliver better mainstream inclusion, while ensuring that we have more specialist provision for children who need it.
In order to strengthen the evidence base, we have commissioned work from University College London on the most effective tools and strategies to support children with a wide range of needs.
My constituents repeatedly raise with me the lack of affordable childcare as a key factor driving the gender pay gap.
To give families real choice in those crucial early months, will the Government consider increasing paternity pay to 90% of earnings, with a cap for higher earners?
The hon.
Lady will recognise that this Government have expanded workers’ rights, and are making sure that new mums and dads can spend more precious time with their young family.
As she says, it is important that high-quality early years education and childcare is available for parents, so that they have good work choices.
That is why we have expanded childcare provision and more than doubled the early years pupil premium.
We are also rolling out new primary-based nurseries in schools across the country.
I call the Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee.
We all want to break down barriers to opportunity.
However, it seems that one sizable part of our workforce is being ignored, and that is women.
Women missing work due to endometriosis, ovarian cysts and other complications cost the economy £11 billion a year.
Fixing this would save more than double the amount that is to be spent on the unpalatable proposed welfare cuts for disabled people.
Does the Minister agree that improving women’s health will break down a huge barrier to work, and if so, how is she working with other Departments to fix this?
I agree with my hon.
Friend the Chair of the Select Committee, and I pay tribute to her for all her campaigning work in the important area of women’s health.
The Government recognise the terrible impact that these conditions can have on women’s ability to work and live their lives as they should.