On many occasions I have been at award ceremonies, usually on a yearly basis, where the names of those journalists who have lost either their lives or their freedom is read out, and it is always a humbling reminder of the really important work that they do.
As you know, Mr Speaker, Parliament has banned the charging of electric vehicles in its underground car park because of safety concerns.
Yet local authorities around the country often feel powerless to stop the construction of battery energy storage systems near people’s homes and near our rivers and canals, despite three fires already this year.
Will the Prime Minister look again at his Planning and Infrastructure Bill to make it easier, rather than harder, for local communities to have a meaningful say?
I am really proud that on planning and infrastructure we are taking the action that has not been taken for years to drive our economy, and I remind the hon.
Gentleman that that was signalled by the Office for Budget Responsibility as the single biggest driver of growth over the coming years.
12.36 pm
(Urgent Question): To ask the Minister if he will make a statement on the potential implications for the UK film industry of the United States’s proposed 100% tariff on foreign-produced films.
As the House will be aware, President Trump announced on Sunday that he had authorised the Department of Commerce to initiate tariffs on all movies produced in foreign lands.
He has made other comments since.
This is a very fluid situation and we will continue to take a calm and steady approach.
I spent most of Monday talking to UK and US film makers and the general secretary of Bectu, among others, and I can tell the House that we are already in active discussions with the top of the US Administration on this subject.
We are working hard to establish what might be proposed, if anything, and to make sure our world-beating creative industries are protected.
We are absolutely committed to ensuring that the film industry can continue to thrive and create good jobs right across the UK.
UK film and high-end television generated production spend of £5.6 billion in 2024, and we want to work with our domestic industry and international partners to continue to build on that success.
We are absolutely clear that the deep ties between the US and UK film industries provide mutual benefits to both countries.
Productions are, by their very nature, international partnerships, which are often developed and created across different countries and locations.
Indeed, US movies are often multinational precisely because US movies earn far more overseas than they do domestically in the United States.
The UK and the US both benefit when the likes of “Star Wars” and “Mission Impossible” are filmed in the UK, just as we both benefit from the close working relationship between our producers, talent and crew.
Our countries have a long history of working together to drive the growth and creative success of our film and television sectors.
From Cary Grant to Hugh Grant, and from Alfred Hitchcock to Christopher Nolan, British talent has often been at the forefront of the US sector, and I am absolutely sure this will continue in the years ahead.
I was once told by a film producer, “Never judge a film by the first 10 minutes.”
I think we can say the same of this.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
As he rightly says, we learnt over the weekend that the President’s Administration intend to impose a 100% tariff on all films produced outside the US.
It is understood that he has directed the US Government to begin implementing the policy immediately.
I welcome the fact that the Minister recognises the film industry in this country as a jewel in our crown of world-leading creative industries.