Friend’s constituency.
At the same time, we are tackling the root causes of homelessness, and, of course, scrapping section 21 evictions.
Under the Conservatives, inequality has surged.
More than 14 million people—including 2,000 children in my constituency—now live in poverty, while the richest 1% see their incomes soar.
Of the developed countries, ours is now the ninth most unequal.
Will the Prime Minister listen to the Liberal Democrats, the public and many of his own Back Benchers and commit himself to reversing changes involving, for instance, the personal independence payment, the winter fuel allowance and the two-child benefit cap, and will he introduce clear poverty reduction targets to ensure that any economic growth benefits those who need it most?
The hon.
Lady is right to mention the appalling record of the last Government, which saw 900,000 more children in poverty.
We are already delivering 750 free breakfast clubs and boosting the minimum wage for more than 3 million people—the lowest-paid workers in our country—and the child poverty taskforce is looking at every lever that can be pulled.
I am proud of the last Labour Government’s record on tackling poverty, and we will continue to do that in this Government.
Last month’s data showed that NHS waiting lists in Wales fell for three months in a row.
In England, the waiting lists have fallen for six months in a row.
In Scotland, after nearly 20 years in charge, the SNP Government have left our NHS on its knees.
Instead, remarkable acts of charity from rock legend Rod Stewart are helping people to get the care they need.
Does the Prime Minister agree that Scotland needs a new direction so that my constituents in Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock do not rely on charity for their healthcare?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
The contrast, as she points out, is stark.
In England and Wales, waiting lists are falling, with over 3 million extra appointments already delivered.
In Scotland, the SNP Government have just introduced their fifth NHS recovery plan in just four years.
They have had the biggest Budget settlement since devolution and nearly two decades in power.
They still have no idea how to fix the NHS, and they have run out of excuses.
VE Day marked the end of horror in Europe.
Afterwards, our post-war expansion of welfare benefits was something truly principled from Labour.
Given the real fear felt by disabled people in Brighton Pavilion and across the nation, does the Prime Minister agree that now is the time to be principled again and restore their support, not make his MPs vote to restrict it?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising the record of the post-war Labour Government—a great reforming Government.
The principles remain the same: those who need support and protection should have that support and protection, those who can be supported and helped into work should be helped and supported into work—something that is not happening under the system as it is—and those who can work should work.
Crewe in my constituency has a proud rail heritage, with Crewe station boasting unrivalled 360° connectivity to all four corners of our country.
When the Conservative Government took the decision to cancel the second leg of HS2, it was a great betrayal of my constituents, taking a sledgehammer to our town’s prospects for regeneration and prosperity.
Will the Prime Minister look kindly upon proposals to extend High Speed rail north of Birmingham, which would utilise Crewe’s unique strategic value to the rail network and bring opportunity and prosperity to the north of England?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the importance of stronger and more reliable rail connections in improving journeys and driving economic growth.
The Conservative party utterly failed to grip delivery on HS2.
Costs went through the roof, and timelines were shredded.
There were false promises and a total failure.