His approach back then was just to sign any deal that was offered to us.
We know where that would have led.
The right thing to do for the British people is to fight hard for the things that we need.
We only need a deal that works for the British people and delivers on our priorities.
That is why it is right not to rush these things, as he would do, clearly.
We do not put arbitrary deadlines on them.
I take the time to make sure that they are right for the British people.
Our track record is there: we are the first European nation to accede to the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership—something else the right hon.
and learned Gentleman failed to mention.
That is the most exciting, dynamic trade bloc that exists in the world.
The Asia-Pacific accounts for 50% of the world’s population.
Sixty per cent.
of goods trade passes through that region, and it will account for over half of global growth in the coming decades.
Now that we have left the EU, we are able to join that trade bloc, and it is excited to have us.
Lastly, on the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s point about Brexit, again he failed to point out that since we left the single market we have grown faster than France and Germany.
I will end where I started: as ever, when it comes to these things, he is determined to talk Britain down.
We are demonstrating that Britain is leading on the global stage and delivering for the British people.
Before we start today’s business, I want to make a brief statement about a security matter.
Members and others will have seen media reports yesterday about a security issue relating to the Chinese state and access to this House.
I understand that the Metropolitan police have now confirmed that two men were arrested in March on suspicion of offences relating to espionage and that they are on police bail until early October.
As you know, we do not discuss the details of security issues on the Floor of the House, for reasons that are well understood.
This is an ongoing, sensitive investigation and Members will of course understand that public discussion of it would be wholly inappropriate.
However, I want to reassure Members that the House follows the same vetting procedures as the Government; that issues raised by the media stories are being addressed; and that our security are working closely and effectively with other relevant authorities.
We keep our security arrangements under review at all times in order to deal with the evolving threats.
The extremely small number of people who needed to know were immediately briefed, on a strictly confidential basis, given the national security of this sensitive matter.
At this stage, I do not wish to say anything further about this issue, and I would remind all Members of the importance of not discussing security issues on the Floor of the House.
That is particularly important in this case, where commenting on the identities of those alleged to be involved, engaging in speculation about the case or discussing other details runs a serious risk of prejudicing any further prosecutions—the comments made in the media were unhelpful—something for which I am sure no Member would want to be responsible.
I do not intend to take any points of order on this matter.
If Members have security concerns, they are, of course, welcome to raise them outside this Chamber with me or with the House security professionals, or with both.