We take very seriously the work that the Defence Committee does; we enjoy reading the Committee’s reports and, as I hope members of the Committee and of the House recognise, often take the findings into policy.
I do push back gently, however, because in addition to the incredible work of QRA and the support the Royal Air Force has given to NATO missions over the last 18 months, since the start of the war in Ukraine, they have also been able to support carrier strike deployments, deployment on Exercise Red Flag, and indeed the deployment of a below squadron in strength, all the way across to Australia.
That gets to exactly what I told my hon.
Friend  the Member for Witney (Robert Courts) : that this ability to deploy air force with greater agility, further from home, in more austere settings, is a step change for the Royal Air Force, allowing it to operate from more austere environments rather than solely from its home bases.
Let me rattle through the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s questions.
With regard to the matter covered in the preceding statement, I am sure he will appreciate that, as there is an ongoing investigation —as you also said, Mr Speaker—I am limited in what I can say specifically.
But I have been emphatically clear in our engagement with China that we will not accept any interference in our democracy and parliamentary system.
That includes the sanctioning of MPs and malign activity such as the type of activity alleged to have taken place.
I can absolutely confirm that the Foreign Secretary raised those issues on his recent visit, and I reinforced that in my meeting at the G20.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman went on to raise the announcement about the partnership for global infrastructure and investment.
What he failed to mention in his criticism was that that initiative—the PGII—was created by the UK under our G7 presidency.
Far from being something that we are not part of, we were the ones who made sure that we were there at its inception.
Again, he is, as ever, jumping on the latest bandwagon that he can find.
The PGII initiative will contain a range of different projects.
This particular one was also not signed by Canada, Japan or Italy, for example.
Each and every country will participate in a range of projects.
What did we do to make our contribution?
As I said, we made the single largest pledge this country has ever made to the green climate fund.
Why?
Because it is important that we play our part in helping countries make the transition to net zero—something that we have led on previously and, because of that commitment, we will continue to lead on.
What else did we do?
We decided to work with other countries to improve global food security, something that African nations in particular have called on us to do.
They have welcomed our leadership in hosting a summit later this year, which will tackle the cause at its root, improving crop yields and the resilience of food supplies globally.
I could go on.
As ever, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman tries to find something to score a cheap political point, and completely and utterly misunderstands what this country is doing.
As ever, he would prefer to talk this country down than recognise the contribution we are making.
I am happy to address the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s comments on the trade deal.
I thought they were telling—he asked, why do we not just sign it, why is it not done?
I had a flashback to all those conversations when we were leaving the EU.
His approach back then was just to sign any deal that was offered to us.
We know where that would have led.
The right thing to do for the British people is to fight hard for the things that we need.