Although we take this investigation very seriously, and it clearly should be conducted independently, I reassure the right hon.
Lady and the House that the Government are taking a whole-of-society approach across all these issues to strengthen our defences against rising threats.
I call the Chair of the ISC.
Without referring to any specific case, may I gently remind the Government that their initial response to the ISC’s substantial and wide-ranging report on the national security threat from China, published just two months ago, was to suggest that our findings might be out of date?
Will the Deputy Prime Minister therefore confirm that the full Government response, when it comes—we gather it is coming very soon—will set out specific steps to address the threat of Chinese interference, particularly within our democratic system?
The short answer is yes.
I have reviewed the response, and I am content that it does exactly that.
It will be with my right hon.
Friend shortly.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
It is timely that we are having a security update today.
My thoughts and the thoughts of my colleagues are with all those impacted by 9/11 on its anniversary.
I am glad the Deputy Prime Minister mentioned the issues relating to sensitive Government sites and cameras, but Members on both sides of the House had to ask questions on Hikvision for months before the Government took any action.
Will they commit to acting more quickly in future, and will the Procurement Bill, as he states, allow that to happen?
I am glad to hear that the response to the ISC report is coming.
Will the Government also commit to implementing the recommendations of the ISC report on Russian interference in British politics?
Hopefully that response will also come soon.
To turn to some specific questions, when did the Deputy Prime Minister himself learn of these allegations and arrests?
Why did MPs only learn of this from The Times?
Will the Government institute, as soon as possible, a review into the decision-making process that led to MPs not being told, in order that such critical updates are given to MPs in future and that this decision-making process is never allowed to happen again?
Order.
We have to be very careful here.
This is a major security issue and it would be wrong to expect to break all that in order to brief MPs.
The MPs who needed to be told were told and worked very closely on this.
Please, be very careful.
I think my earlier statement addressed some of the points, but, if need be, we can re-address things.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
On the first point that the hon.
Lady raised, we take an evidence-based approach to action.
It is right that Ministers take action not on a hunch or an intuition, but on the basis of detailed analysis provided to us by the agencies and by others.
That is precisely the approach we took in relation to Hikvision and other China-based companies subject to China’s national security laws.
On when I or others learned about this, as Mr Speaker said in a number of the points he made, Members would not expect me to give the House a running commentary on intelligence briefings that I have received, but the House would expect me to be briefed on all matters.
In conclusion, I will make a broader point about parliamentary security.
We have the Parliamentary Security Department and it works very closely with the agencies to support Members of Parliament, including with general advice.
If Members have specific concerns, they can raise those with the PSD.
That is the correct approach, which respects the division between Parliament and Government, and the independence of the House.
These are extremely worrying reports about the level of infiltration of Chinese-supported forces into our democracy.
Does my right hon.