That is the correct approach, which respects the division between Parliament and Government, and the independence of the House.
These are extremely worrying reports about the level of infiltration of Chinese-supported forces into our democracy.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we need to recognise that China is the largest threat, both to the world and to the UK, on freedom and democracy?
Does he not agree that the Government should designate it as such?
May I begin by paying tribute to my right hon.
Friend for all the work she did in this space, particularly when she was Foreign Secretary?
She is absolutely right to say that China represents a systemic challenge to our interests and values, and it is also, for example, the No.
1 state-based threat to our economic security.
The Government are absolutely clear-eyed about the threats that this nation faces and we are robust in taking action.
Indeed, that is why I personally took the decisions in respect of banning Huawei from our 5G networks, and in respect of Chinese CCTV technology and TikTok.
We will continue to take whatever steps are necessary, based on appropriate advice, to provide that protection for our nation and our democratic institutions.
A key part of democracy is the ability to scrutinise the Executive.
As the Chair of the Intelligence and Security Committee said, No.
10’s response to our China report was to pooh-pooh it and say that it was out of date.
I understand  that the Government response was due today but has now been put off.
The defending democracy taskforce has been mentioned.
We have asked for an update on that but are met with radio silence.
The Prime Minister has on his desk our report on international partnerships.
He has had it on his desk for nearly 10 months now.
He usually has 10 days in which to respond, so when will we get that signed off?
May I just say to the Deputy Prime Minister that if he is talking about security and democracy in the terms he has, that has to include proper scrutiny?
There is a long list of examples of where this Government are trying to avoid it.
Proper scrutiny is provided by the Intelligence and Security Committee.
I certainly take the reports produced by the ISC very seriously—[Interruption.]
I am fully aware of the membership of the Committee, to reassure Opposition Members.
It is precisely because we take the recommendations so seriously that the Committee will receive a comprehensive response addressing all these points, including an update on the defending democracy taskforce.
It is appalling news that we have a potential espionage cell operating in and around Westminster.
As a sanctioned individual alongside many of my colleagues, I am particularly perturbed by the news.
Notwithstanding that, this should not perhaps come as a surprise, as the ISC, chaired by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for New Forest East (Sir Julian Lewis) , has warned that the Government were ill-prepared and that the necessary security measures were not available.
I ask the Secretary of State a specific question: when was the Foreign Secretary told about the investigation?
Was it before he went to Beijing?
If he went to Beijing with this knowledge, did he raise it with his counterpart there?
It is important to know that.
With respect, it is no good coming to the Dispatch Box and telling us that we do not talk about such matters; the Prime Minister did so yesterday, and the investigation is not complete.
What did the Foreign Secretary do?
I say to the Secretary of State that the problem lies in the mess we have got into over whether we define China as a threat or not?
If it is a threat, why do we not call it that, take the action that is necessary to deal with it on that basis, and sanction some people?
My right hon.