That is particularly important in this case, where commenting on the identities of those alleged to be involved, engaging in speculation about the case or discussing other details runs a serious risk of prejudicing any further prosecutions—the comments made in the media were unhelpful—something for which I am sure no Member would want to be responsible.
I do not intend to take any points of order on this matter.
If Members have security concerns, they are, of course, welcome to raise them outside this Chamber with me or with the House security professionals, or with both.
Ordered,
That, on the fourteenth day of September 2023, Mr Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the County Constituency of Tamworth in the room of Christopher John Pincher, who since his election for the said County Constituency has been appointed to the Office of Steward and Bailiff of His Majesty’s Manor of Northstead in the County of York.—(Simon Hart.)
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of the retirement (a) age and (b) conditions for service personnel.
The thoughts and prayers of the whole House will be with the Secretary of State and his family during sitting shiva.
It is right that we record here today the anniversary of 9/11, a terrible act that changed our world.
Let me also say that the UK is standing with the Kingdom of Morocco; we are engaged on the ground already and stand by to help in any way that we can.
Defence recognises the need to evolve so that we continue to attract and retain the very best.
To that end, the MOD commissioned the Haythornthwaite review into armed forces incentivisation, which was published in June.
I will respond formally on behalf of the Department in the coming months, but it is supportive of the recommendations.
On retirement ages, I have committed to work with officials and the single services to review rigid cut-offs and to consider establishing an assessment framework to be used on a case-by-case basis.
May I associate myself with the earlier remarks of the Minister, whom I thank for his answer?
As he is aware, I have already taken an interest and written in about this issue.
I have a constituent who came to me recently having spent a good number of years in the armed forces.
He is very proud of what he has given to keep our country safe but is concerned that the armed forces, particularly the Army, are losing institutional memory.
He feels that the cut-off age of 55 for reservists is too young, certainly for more administrative roles.
Will the MOD take that into account in the review and consider allowing reservists to stay longer in those roles?
I am really happy to declare my interest at this point, as I am in my 63rd year and I remain a reservist.
I am sympathetic to the points that the hon.
Lady makes and we will certainly factor them into our review.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
We know that the Defence Secretary is with his close family today, and we in the Opposition extend our deepest condolences.
I also offer the Secretary of State our warmest congratulations.
Over the years and in different roles, I have shadowed him and he has shadowed me, and we both know that the first duty of any Government is to keep our country safe.
I will always look to work with him on that basis in his new job.
On personnel, levels of satisfaction with service life have plunged a third over the past 13 years.
What is the plan to lift those record low levels of military morale?
The right hon.
Gentleman paints an overly gloomy picture of life in the armed forces for most people.