I say to the Secretary of State that the problem lies in the mess we have got into over whether we define China as a threat or not?
If it is a threat, why do we not call it that, take the action that is necessary to deal with it on that basis, and sanction some people?
My right hon.
Friend, who is a former Cabinet Minister and current Privy Counsellor, knows full well that the Government do not provide a running commentary on updates and intelligence received by Ministers.
I can assure him that the Foreign Secretary regularly raises electoral interference and interference with our democratic institutions with his Chinese opposite number.
Specific cases, particularly those that are subject to an ongoing police investigation, would not, as is generally the case, be raised.
On the wider principle, we have been robust and clear-eyed in addressing and raising these points with our Chinese opposite numbers.
On the action we have taken, I set out the steps that I took in respect of TikTok and Huawei, and I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend’s support for the  Telecommunications (Security) Act 2021, which we got to a very good place.
There is not just that Act, but the National Security Act 2023, the National Security and Investment Act 2021 and the deployment of the carrier fleet.
All those things have happened in the past short number of years.
They are evidence of the seriousness with which the Government take this threat.
The Deputy Prime Minister said that he holds the Intelligence and Security Committee in very high regard.
On that basis, will he commit to the recommendation that it made in its recent report on China about updating the guidelines of the Advisory Committee on Business Appointments in relation to intelligence and security, particularly referencing China?
How will he ensure that they are enforced?
As I said in answer to a previous question, the full response to the ISC will be coming shortly.
An important point has been raised in respect of ACOBA, for which I have overall ministerial responsibility in the Cabinet Office.
I will take that away and discuss it with the chair of that committee, Sir Eric Pickles, formerly of this House.
I thank the Deputy Prime Minister for his statement and I support the action that the Government are taking.
On the issue of transparency and accountability, will the data regarding the volume of prosecutions and convictions under existing legislation and the new National Security Act be collated and made available to the House so that we can track the scale of hostile state action?
Also, have the Government decided on any necessary changes to the memorandum of understanding with the ISC, as they are required to at least consider under section 93 of that Act?
I do not think I have had chance from the Dispatch Box to pay a genuine, heartfelt tribute to my immediate predecessor as Deputy Prime Minister.
Having done the job for a few months, I have a particular appreciation of all the work that my right hon.
Friend did when he was in that post.
In respect of the volume of prosecutions and convictions, we seek to be as transparent as we can be with the House.
I am sure it is something that we can take away and look at with a desire to do as my right hon.
Friend asks.
I cannot give him a firm commitment at the Dispatch Box, but if it is possible, I shall seek to do so.
We keep the MOU with the ISC under review.
We do not have any current plans to change it, but we keep it under review.
Yet again, we are watching the horse disappear over the horizon and shutting the stable door behind it.
Every time we act to take on China, everything the Deputy Prime Minister boasts about is always stated reactively.