I will write to him on his precise question about Afghan service personnel who are now homeless in the UK—I suspect that they are remarkably few—but Afghan service personnel are not the main target of ARAP.
As someone who served in Afghanistan, I share the sense of many of my former colleagues who would have liked to have done more, but that is simply never what ARAP was designed to do.
Neither is it credible that the hundreds of thousands of people who served in the Afghan national forces could all be relocated to the UK.
In 2021, I held a public meeting shortly after the evacuation from Afghanistan.
It was widely attended by worried and distressed residents, who all wanted help for their relatives’ desperate situations in Afghanistan.
Over two years have passed, and there are huge problems with ARAP.
Can the Minister say why the Government are allowing people and their relatives to suffer for so long?
There is a known number of people who worked in the employ of the British military during our campaign in Afghanistan.
Our priority has been to work through and match the lists of people we know have worked for us with those who are applicants.
It is my understanding that only about 2,000 applications are outstanding, and that 58,000 decisions have been taken in the past two months alone.
Overwhelmingly, those decisions are, I am afraid, to say no to people, but we are making good progress and are nearing the end of tracking down all those we know have worked for us.
I return to the question raised by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Warwick and Leamington (Matt Western) : how many applicants are still being kicked out of hotels in the UK, and how many are applying from Pakistan and in hiding?
The Member for Warwick and Leamington (Matt Western)  asked a very particular question about Afghan service personnel, as the record will show.
I answered it, but I will need to go away and confirm, because that is not something that ARAP is intended to meet and we will need to see if we can find those statistics.
The hon.
Lady asks how many applicants have been removed from hotels.
The plan is to remove all ARAP applicants from hotels, because they are not here illegally; they have not arrived on boats across the channel.
They are entitled to be here, they have access to full universal credit and housing benefit, and much more importantly, they have the right to work immediately on arrival.
Our priority, unapologetically—I hope she agrees that this is the right approach—is to get people out of hotels and into houses where they can get on with the life that they so deserve here in the UK as legal citizens.
It is hardly in the spirit of Operation Warm Welcome that, as the second anniversary of the evacuation of Kabul passed, Afghans who supported  our armed forces were still left crowded into hotels at the taxpayer’s expense, or expected to move hundreds of miles from where they have managed to find employment and their children have settled into schools.
When does the Minister now expect all Afghans in the schemes to be moved out of hotels and given suitable offers of accommodation?
I actually agree with the hon.
Lady—her question stands in contrast with the previous one, because it was about the need to get people out of hotels, not suggesting that they should somehow be staying in them.
The Minister for Veterans’ Affairs has been leading on this task around Government.
Few in this House have more emotional energy to drive that mission than he does.
He sees it as of huge importance that people are moved out of hotels and allowed to get on with their lives as quickly as possible.
I will ask his office to write to the hon.