It was truly humbling to meet inspiring individuals who have triumphed in adversity.
I took the opportunity to discuss with my Ukrainian counterpart the care and rehabilitation of veterans and the UK’s unwavering support for her country.
There are more than 265,000 former members of the armed forces in the south-west, many of whom reside in my constituency of East Devon.
We must ensure that every veteran can access the services they need when they leave the service.
Can my right hon.
Friend update the House on the progress being made towards delivering ID cards to all veterans by Remembrance Day this year?
My hon.
Friend will be aware that phase 1 of this project is already completed, which is to say that as people leave the armed forces, they are issued with their veterans cards.
Those who left before December 2018 should get their cards by the end of this year.
A veteran does not require a card to prove their status; there are several ways to verify service, and the lack of a card should not act as a barrier to accessing support, but I recognise the importance of this card for many, in particular as a form of proving their identity and accessing services.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
As Ministers know, UK unity on Ukraine stays strong and the Government will continue to have Labour’s fullest support on military aid.
Ukrainians are now urgently asking for more to help their current counter-offensive to succeed, and since January, the Prime Minister has repeatedly pledged to accelerate Ukraine’s support.
When will this happen?
The right hon.
Gentleman will know full well that the United Kingdom is probably the lead nation on many fronts among our European peers— financially, in terms of kit and in supporting the people who are conducting the fight against Putin’s aggression.
We will continue to do that, and at the weekend in Düsseldorf, I reiterated that to my Ukrainian counterpart.
I do not think anybody could be in any doubt that the United Kingdom is leading Europe on this front, and we will continue to do so.
But I fear UK leadership on Ukraine is flagging.
The UK Government have committed £4.6 billion, yet Germany has now committed €17 billion.
The UK’s 14 tanks have now been dwarfed by 324 from Poland, and last week’s decision to proscribe Wagner as a terrorist group was taken by the European Union 10 months ago.
Will the Minister accept that we must accelerate UK military support and redouble the UK’s defence diplomacy to maintain western unity and solidarity?
The UK Government prefer action rather than words, and I point to the 20,000 Ukrainians we are training, to Storm Shadow and to the fact that kit is going out the door right now and being used on the ground.
Rhetoric is one thing; action is another.
In that way, I am afraid that the right hon.
Gentleman has to admit that the UK is continuing to lead Europe.
We will certainly do so going forward, and there can be no doubt that Ukrainians themselves appreciate the strength and rigour of UK—
Order.
This is topicals; I decide how quick they will be.
I do not need any help from those on the Front Bench.
Can we please make sure we get Back Benchers in?
If not, tell me which one you do not want to allow in.
Continuity of education allowance is an important recruitment and retention facility for the armed forces, but it has not kept up with inflation in recent years.
Can the Minister commit to ensuring that CEA levels are not eroded in the future?
CEA is an important way of making sure that the education of service children is not disrupted.
To that end, I have asked for a review of CEA to make sure it is fit for purpose, and I will have the results of that review later this year.