The last Conservative Defence Secretary told this House that the Government had “hollowed out and underfunded” our armed forces.
Is that still the position of the Ministry of Defence, and will the Tory Army cuts still be forced through by this latest set of Ministers?
The former Secretary of State’s comment, which the shadow Minister conveniently quotes in a limited way, was that successive Governments had failed to invest in the enablers that underpinned our war-fighting capability.
It is to the credit of this Prime Minister and the two Conservative Prime Ministers who went before him that commitments have been made to grow our defence budgets, including under Prime Minister Johnson a £19 billion increase to the defence budget and under this Prime Minister another £5 billion in the last year or so.
The shadow Minister also ignores this: when he says that NATO is increasing its rapid reaction force, that does not mean that in NATO armies are growing; it just means that the armies in NATO are committing ever more of the forces they have to NATO’s high-readiness formations.
The British Army is to the fore in that.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure that the Afghan relocations and assistance policy scheme is effective.
I said in May to the House that we aim to process all outstanding initial ARAP applications by the end of August.
I can report that we have just 2,000 complex cases remaining from more than 93,000 principal applications that we received.
We have issued over 58,000 decisions to applicants in the past three months, giving them the clarity they deserve, and we continue to move at best pace to process the remaining applications.
I thank my right hon.
Friend and his ministerial colleagues for the work done over the summer, including with Hillingdon and Harrow councils in my constituency, on support for those who have served in support of our armed forces.
In future, as Afghan bridging operations come to a close, can he commit to work with local authorities to ensure that those who have put their lives on the line supporting our military operations continue to be supported in their new lives here in the UK?
I certainly can, Mr Speaker.
What liaising does the Minister do with the Home Office?
I have an Afghan special forces interpreter who came here having done valiant work during Operation Pitting.
His mother, father and siblings left Afghanistan and ended up in Ukraine of all places, and they moved to the UK last year.
The Home Office gave them temporary leave to remain, only for them to receive a letter in the past couple of months saying that they would have to be deported back to either Afghanistan, Ukraine or Rwanda.
In that case I interceded and the Minister’s office helped, but what is going on between his Department and the Home Office?
From the question, I can see all sorts of ways in which that might present quite a confusing case to colleagues in the Home Office, especially if those in Ukraine proceeded to the UK under a mechanism other than the Afghan relocations and assistance policy.
May I look at the detail of the case and come back to the right hon.
Gentleman, rather than speculate?
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of service accommodation for armed forces personnel.
The Government continue to invest significant sums to improve the quality of UK service family accommodation, with £337 million invested over financial years 2020-21 and 2021-22 combined, and £163 million in 2022-23.
The forecast for this financial year is £312 million.
Ofsted chief inspector, Amanda Spielman, has repeatedly said that she has “deep concerns” about the “continued failures” to improve service accommodation for armed forces recruits over the past seven years.
Will the Minister explain why those concerns from neutral Ofsted inspector Amanda Spielman have fallen on deaf ears, and why those improvements are yet to be made?