At the time I said that the community should allow us time, but not too much time, and I am sure they will hold us to that.
We will respond in full to the large number of recommendations, but we are broadly supportive of Lord Etherton’s work and there is much in it that we utterly agree with, plus some that we would like to add in the way of changes for the future.
I call the shadow Minister.
On that theme, the loss of livelihoods and the long-term suffering endured by LGBT+ veterans due to the cruel and unjust ban on homosexuality in the armed forces has been enormous.
The Opposition welcome the Etherton review into the ban, and its recommendations, which represent the beginning of a long-overdue healing process.
The Secretary of State’s predecessor promised that the Government would provide a full response to the review’s recommendations after the summer recess, which the House would have an opportunity to debate.
Will the Minister confirm when the Government will respond to the recommendations and that the House will still be provided with time to debate that response?
Clearly, we will be debating this at some length; I hope the House, when it sees the Government response to Lord Etherton’s recommendations, will be pleased with it.
At the moment, we are working with the community, particularly Fighting With Pride, to ensure that what we put in place is right and is acceptable to those who have been done down by the events between 1967 to 2000.
What steps his Department is taking to deliver nuclear test medals.
I am pleased to say that the nuclear test medal is now in production, and we are ensuring that as many as possible of the more than 2,000 veterans and families who have applied for the medal will have it in time for this year’s Remembrance events.
The Minister will know that I take an interest in the veterans issue, and I declare an interest as the president of Hinckley’s Royal British Legion.
A constituent, Alfred Roy Davenport, served in the RAF medical team from November 1956 to November 1959, stationed on Christmas Island.
He is 85 and concerned about the delay there has been in the awarding of these medals, so can my right hon.
Friend confirm that all veterans will have these awards ready for Remembrance Sunday, so that our servicemen and women can be congratulated on and recognised for their service?
As my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs stated in the House on  7 September , the Government are doing everything possible to ensure that as many nuclear test veterans as possible receive their medals in time for Remembrance Sunday.
I appreciate the importance of that.
A presentation event to award the first medals is actively being considered by the Office for Veterans’ Affairs, but it is a balance between issuing the medals for Remembrance Sunday and ensuring that they are awarded in an appropriate manner to this cohort.
In a written question to the Minister, I asked whether any files had been removed from the MOD’s health records of nuclear test veterans.
He assured me that the Department was “not aware” of any removal, but many nuclear veterans continue to report finding large gaps when requesting their medical records.
Can the Minister therefore clarify, if the files have not been removed,
how nuclear veterans and their families can gain full access to them?
They will need to apply for a subject access request.
I reiterate what I said in my answer to her written question: we of course do everything we can to locate records when people request them, and I assure her that we could find none on this occasion.
What steps he is taking to help support Afghan nationals eligible for resettlement under the Afghan relocations and assistance policy scheme.