Will he visit North Devon to meet some of the innovative suppliers manufacturing here in the UK?
It is good news on both fronts for my hon.
Friend.
First, yes, a lot of work is going on to improve the speed of procurement.
I am also pleased to confirm that I have already a visit planned to her part of the world in a couple of weeks.
I will liaise with her office about meeting those companies.
I call the Chair of the Defence Committee.
Today marks the anniversary of 9/11, and while our focus now has returned to state aggression, does the Minister agree that the threat of Islamic extremism—whether home-grown or from abroad—remains and that our defence posture should reflect that?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Although the focus of the MOD and so many other parts of the Government has increasingly been on hostile state actors over the last few years, today more than any is a reminder of the threat of violent extremism.
I pay tribute to the hundreds of men and women around the UK armed forces who are deployed on missions countering violence and extremism as I speak.
Will the Minister update the House on the progress being made to settle the claims of thousands of veterans and their families for what is commonly called Gulf war syndrome?
The hon.
Member is right to raise that.
The armed forces compensation scheme is up and running for them.
I am afraid that there have been delays in some of those applications; I referred to that earlier on.
On the science behind it, obviously, we in Defence comply with the best available, as assessed by the independent medical expert group, and we will make policy accordingly.
I understand the point he is making and would be happy to discuss it with him further.
Ukrainian and UK defence companies are going up against barriers and bureaucracy when trying to set up joint working and joint projects.
Could my hon.
Friend update the House on how he is reducing that, so that bilateral collaboration can be made easier and quicker?
My hon.
Friend has been an absolute champion of all matters relating to our relationship with Ukraine.
We have seen very rapid procurement, particularly in relation to urgent requirements going into Abbey Wood in his constituency.
I understand that he will hold a meeting shortly with some major Ukrainian defence industrialists, which he has kindly invited me to, and I look forward to engaging with him and those companies soon.
Last September,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss)  announced £2.3 billion to be made available for Ukraine in this financial year.
We are now in another September, with a new Secretary of State.
When can we expect that sum of money to be made available to Ukraine?
The Prime Minister engages with world leaders all the time to discuss what is needed in Ukraine, and he has an extraordinarily close relationship with President Zelensky.
Both my right hon.
Friend  the Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss)  and Prime Minister Johnson delivered on their commitments.
The Prime Minister continues to do exactly the same; he will be at the Dispatch Box in about an hour and perhaps Ukraine might be mentioned.
I am sure the Minister will agree that our veterans make some of the best role models in society.
Will he applaud my constituent Bill Cooksey, who at the age of 102 completed the Great North Run this weekend on behalf of NHS charities?
What can I say?
I certainly congratulate Bill on completing the Great North Run at such an extraordinary age.
I admire him hugely, and I congratulate him.
The previous Secretary of State promised that he would come to David Brown Santasalo in Huddersfield to see the wonderful work that the company does producing the defence equipment that we need.