Friend’s wider points about the parliamentary security directorate, we as a Government stand ready to provide any further support that MPs feel they require.
If my hon.
Friend feels that he requires further briefing, I am very happy to help to facilitate that with the House.
May I extend my genuine sympathy to the two Conservative colleagues who appear to have been targeted by a suspected Chinese  spy who was employed in Parliament and paid for out of public funds?
I do know what they are feeling.
The House will be aware—
Order.
I am not sure that is the case.
I think that is quite a bit of speculation.
I would stick to a general question rather than trying to go into the details of what may have happened.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I did say “suspected”.
The House will be aware that the subject of the security alert last year, Christine Lee, was never arrested, has never been charged with spying or, indeed, any other offence, and was said by the previous Home Secretary to have done nothing criminal.
However, there is a court case pending.
I understand that Ms Lee has taken out a civil suit against the Government; will the Deputy Prime Minister update the House on when that case is likely to be heard and what the Government hope to learn from it?
I am not quite sure what to say in response to that question.
In the light of the Lee case and others, that is precisely why we have taken enhanced powers through the new National Security Act.
Although I have to hold back from commenting on individual cases, I am confident that we have much more robust powers under that legislation that will enable us to act.
In its China report, the ISC highlighted the efforts of the Chinese Communist party to influence, co-opt or coerce into silence potential critics of its regime in the UK.
We acknowledged that the Government are waking up to this threat and taking it more seriously, but I highlight to the Minister the fact that we need more urgency.
In particular, I highlight the fact that for years the ISC has been saying that we need a foreign agents registration scheme, and one is now on its way; does the Minister agree that it would have been helpful had it been in operation and on the statute book at the time of the relevant events we are considering today?
My right hon.
Friend raises some very important points, but I just observe that—this applies to a lot of the questions—we have a relationship with China that is very different from the one that we had just a few years ago.
It is important that we are not naive about China, that we are clear-eyed about protecting our national security, that we are clear-eyed about the threats that it represents and that we are robust in taking action.
My right hon.
Friend rightly highlights the foreign agents registration scheme; the secondary legislation under that will come before the House very shortly, which will enable us to take the relevant actions under that legislation.
Actually, the people who have been really clear-sighted about China have mostly been on the Back Benches in this House, on either side and including  the hon.
Member for East Worthing and Shoreham (Tim Loughton) , and some of them have been sanctioned.
I have been delighted to work with two successive Chairs of the Foreign Affairs Committee, to whom I pay enormous tribute for the outspoken way in which they have pushed the Government towards a more sensible policy on China.
My anxiety is that we still flip-flop all over the place.
This year already we have seen several Foreign Secretaries, apart from anything else, and we have seen them wanting to suck up to China one moment and the next wanting to have robust words with China.
It simply does not work.