Few in this House have more emotional energy to drive that mission than he does.
He sees it as of huge importance that people are moved out of hotels and allowed to get on with their lives as quickly as possible.
I will ask his office to write to the hon.
Lady with the exact detail of when he hopes to see the job done.
I commend to the Defence team and, indeed, the House the new book by Larisa Brown, “The Gardener of Lashkar Gah”, which outlines in great detail the sort of debt we owe to the people who tried to help our forces.
My specific question is not about people serving with the Afghan forces; it is about whether we have a proper database of all those who served with the British forces and are eligible under the scheme, and whether the Minister can guarantee that the scheme will not be closed while some of those people—probably a large number of them—are still in hiding in Afghanistan and thus unable to apply for it.
It will not surprise my right hon.
Friend to know that the people who worked for the British armed forces over our extended period in Afghanistan appeared on many different lists, and part of the job of work over the past 18 months or so has been to consolidate those into an authoritative list of those whom we know to have worked for us.
However, we do have very good records, as one would expect the military to have kept.
That allows us to focus our search on people whom we know to be eligible within the pile of applications, and of late, to make rapid progress in informing those who are ineligible.
We will, of course, keep the scheme open for as long as it takes to find all of those whom we know worked for us.
I thank the Minister for his considered remarks.
Will he join me in thanking both Colchester City Council and Essex County Council for their work in supporting many Afghan nationals locally who have been in hotels since last autumn?
The councils have aided those people to get into housing; however, we still have six families and 40 individuals who need to be supported in temporary accommodation.
As such, can the Minister give assurances to the House about the cross-Government work that is taking place to ensure that those families come out of hotels and become settled, and in particular the work that his Department is leading on, helping to get Afghans into employment so that they can settle in the United Kingdom?
I can absolutely give my right hon.
Friend the assurance she asks for.
Given her previous role in Government, she knows better than anybody  that those men and women who have come here have every legal right to start work and to settle in the UK.
They deserve their journey here on the back of what they did in support of our armed forces, so we will support them while they are in hotels, and better still, once we have got them settled in more permanent accommodation, we will support them into employment.
I will make sure that the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs briefs my right hon.
Friend on his work on that matter.
What steps he is taking to ensure the UK meets its obligations to NATO.
Our commitment to NATO is unwavering.
We have strengthened our force posture in Estonia, stationed a light cavalry squadron in Poland, provided the NATO mission in Kosovo with personnel, surveillance and reconnaissance capabilities, and provided specialist personnel to the NATO mission in Iraq.
The national flagship, HMS Queen Elizabeth, sailed over the weekend, and will shortly fly the NATO flag as the NATO flagship while on operations in the Euro-Atlantic.
We contribute to every NATO mission, declare our nuclear deterrent to NATO, and consistently spend at least 2% of gross domestic product on defence.