We do not have any current plans to change it, but we keep it under review.
Yet again, we are watching the horse disappear over the horizon and shutting the stable door behind it.
Every time we act to take on China, everything the Deputy Prime Minister boasts about is always stated reactively.
Just for once, could we get ahead of the curve and take action in relation to genomics and, as I and others have been urging for months now, designate it as part of our critical national infrastructure, so that in a few months’ time, we are not again having to explain another failure?
I say gently to the right hon.
Gentleman that he did serve in government and in Cabinet for five years, from 2010 to 2015, so he and other  Members of his party need to bear some responsibility for the decisions made, although I would think that they would take pride in the decisions that we took.
More recently, under this majority Conservative Government, we have taken a huge range of steps, including passing the National Security Act and the National Security and Investment Act.
The right hon.
Gentleman raises a legitimate point about genomics and its relevance to critical national infrastructure.
It is not currently designated as such, but in my role in the Cabinet Office, I keep the register of critical national infrastructure under review, and I am exploring the matter.
May I thank you personally, Mr Speaker, for the care and support you have shown to those of us who have been sanctioned by China?
We are in the frontline of this threat, but I have to say that neither before nor after these revelations has any of us been offered a briefing by the parliamentary security authorities, or by the Foreign Office or Home Office.
In fact, I found out more about this character from my son, who happened to be at university with them, than from anything I have been told formally.
I do not want to mention the current incident, but do want to note that it is now a year on from when MI5 took the almost unprecedented step of issuing a security service interference alert about a character working within Parliament—for which there were no consequences.
It is about a year on from the revelations about the activities of the Chinese consul general in Manchester, who thought it was his job to attack demonstrators—for which there were no expulsions, no consequences.
It is months on from the recent revelations about the activities of the Confucius institutes, which the Government pledged to abolish; there have been no consequences, no abolition—again, nothing has happened.
And it is just a couple of weeks since the Foreign Secretary promised that he would take up the case of the sanctioned MPs and of Jimmy Lai with the Chinese Foreign Minister, yet he came away with nothing—there have been no consequences.
Is not the problem that, for all the tough talk, there are no consequences and the Chinese know that there will be no consequences?
May I ask the Deputy Prime Minister this: will China be in the enhanced tier of the foreign agents registration scheme?
May I deal with the specific question first, and then reflect on the wider points?
We are currently reviewing the countries in the enhanced tier.
I think there is a strong case to be made, but my hon.
Friend would not expect me to make that announcement from the Dispatch Box before we have gone through the proper process.
On my hon.
Friend’s wider points about the parliamentary security directorate, we as a Government stand ready to provide any further support that MPs feel they require.
If my hon.
Friend feels that he requires further briefing, I am very happy to help to facilitate that with the House.