They will need to apply for a subject access request.
I reiterate what I said in my answer to her written question: we of course do everything we can to locate records when people request them, and I assure her that we could find none on this occasion.
What steps he is taking to help support Afghan nationals eligible for resettlement under the Afghan relocations and assistance policy scheme.
What steps he is taking to help support Afghan nationals eligible for resettlement under the Afghan relocations and assistance policy scheme.
What steps he is taking to help support Afghan nationals eligible for resettlement under the Afghan relocations and assistance policy scheme.
What steps he is taking to help support Afghan nationals eligible for resettlement under the Afghan relocations and assistance policy scheme.
What steps he is taking to help support Afghan nationals eligible for resettlement under the Afghan relocations and assistance policy scheme.
The Ministry of Defence’s priority remains the relocation of ARAP-eligible Afghans to the safety of third countries at best pace.
His Majesty’s Government continue to accommodate and support ARAP-eligible people in third countries while they await relocation to the United Kingdom.
I am proud to have an Afghan interpreter for the British armed forces as a constituent, but I was ashamed to learn from him that his brother, who worked for six years directly for the Special Air Service in Helmand province, had applied under the ARAP scheme and been rejected without a proper explanation.
He is now in hiding in Afghanistan.
Will the Minister take up that case as a matter of urgency, and will he explain to the House why his Government are still failing to support those Afghans who risked so much to support our armed forces?
The hon.
Lady mentions a specific role about which it would be inappropriate to speculate on the Floor of the House.
I will, of course, look at the particular case that she mentions.
However, it is worth reminding right hon.
and hon.
colleagues that the ARAP scheme was intended for those who had been in direct support of the UK military—interpreters, most often—and, beyond that, there is a very narrow opportunity for those with special circumstances who have come through under category 4.
When colleagues write to the Ministry of Defence to raise a case, they often do so on behalf of somebody who might have served in the Afghan national security forces, not necessarily in the direct employ of the UK military.
That is not to cast any judgment on the case that she raises—I will look at that specifically and write to her.
There is a deep sense of injustice among former serving officers and other military personnel that we have forgotten the moral obligation to Afghan military personnel and others who served alongside us.
Will the Minister confirm just how many Afghan former military personnel are currently presenting as homeless in the UK, and how many are currently in hotels in Pakistan?
It seems that my initial reply might have been quite useful, but the hon.
Gentleman may not have heard or understood it.
ARAP is not explicitly for those who served in the Afghan armed forces alongside the British military; it is for those who served in the employ of the British military in all but a very narrow number of cases.
I will write to him on his precise question about Afghan service personnel who are now homeless in the UK—I suspect that they are remarkably few—but Afghan service personnel are not the main target of ARAP.
As someone who served in Afghanistan, I share the sense of many of my former colleagues who would have liked to have done more, but that is simply never what ARAP was designed to do.
Neither is it credible that the hundreds of thousands of people who served in the Afghan national forces could all be relocated to the UK.