My anxiety is that we still flip-flop all over the place.
This year already we have seen several Foreign Secretaries, apart from anything else, and we have seen them wanting to suck up to China one moment and the next wanting to have robust words with China.
It simply does not work.
Why oh why have we still not declared that China is a threat to UK national security?
Why oh why have we still not seen even the redacted version of the China strategy which, according to the Government, the FCDO developed but which has not even been shared with other Government ministries?
I have great respect for the hon.
Gentleman, as he knows, but I simply do not accept this slightly over-the-top characterisation of the Government’s approach.
We have been consistent.
First, we must protect our national interests in relation to China.
That is why we passed the legislation that I have outlined, why I banned Huawei from our 5G networks and why we banned Chinese technology from surveillance equipment and other matters.
Secondly, it is important that we align with our allies around the world.
I spend a lot of time on this and know that the Foreign Secretary, the Minister for Security and others work very closely with nations around the world, particularly but not confined to the Five Eyes, to make sure that we share our understanding of Chinese intent and take co-ordinated action to protect us, not least through the military
It is also the case, though, that we must engage with the Chinese, as we do with many other countries around the world with which we do not share a number of their values.
It is not a realistic position to take to say that we should entirely cut off from engagement with China.
We should engage with China but be absolutely clear about where we disagree with it and clear-eyed in protecting our national security, which is precisely the approach we are taking.
Like my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) , I cannot wait to be able to discuss the merits of this case, although I understand the situation now.
I want to raise a couple of issues with the Deputy Prime Minister.
The Government are moving, they have done lots of new things and we are getting more coherence, but I do not understand why they keep thinking that we either bury our heads in the sand or effectively go soft on elements of the relationship with China.
We can debate with and engage with China all we like, but we can also do so in an increasingly robust way that answers the threat it presents towards us.