The forecast for this financial year is £312 million.
Ofsted chief inspector, Amanda Spielman, has repeatedly said that she has “deep concerns” about the “continued failures” to improve service accommodation for armed forces recruits over the past seven years.
Will the Minister explain why those concerns from neutral Ofsted inspector Amanda Spielman have fallen on deaf ears, and why those improvements are yet to be made?
This is an extremely important subject, and we care immensely about improving our estate.
Such concerns do not fall on deaf ears.
If that were the case we would not have put on the table a further £400 million for SFA in the defence Command Paper refresh.
Precisely because of that additional funding, this year our spend will be almost double that of last year.
The Prime Minister said he was going to lead by example, and that when it came to the military base at Catterick, he was going to ensure that illegal migrants were housed there.
We now understand that the generals have said they do not want a bunch of Afghans and Iraqis next to their squaddies, so nothing is happening with regard to illegal migrants being put there, although the Ministry of Defence is so determined that its soldiers should not  be placed near migrants that it is moving them out of RAF Scampton.
When will illegal migrants be placed in Catterick, as promised by the Prime Minister?
I want a date and I want it now.
I visited Catterick on Friday and I discussed precisely that matter with senior members of the armed forces based at Catterick.
The characterisation that my right hon.
Friend uses is not correct.
These matters are being considered objectively and carefully, but that work is ongoing.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the Defence Infrastructure Organisation in meeting the needs of injured veterans when adapting service accommodation.
The Defence Infrastructure Organisation provides additional needs and disability adaptations to service family accommodation.
Those provide changes to SFA to meet a family’s needs, as set out by a suitably qualified healthcare professional.
Once the scope of any adaptation has been agreed with all parties, works will be delivered as quickly as possible.
That gives service personnel reassurance that their families’ needs can be met wherever they are assigned, regardless of the length and number of postings they have within their service career.
The Minister will remember that in June I asked about a badly injured veteran in my constituency.
He has written confirmation from the former Defence Minister in 2021 that he would receive extensive adaptations to his home.
Those adaptations have not happened, and the situation is so serious that Op Courage has instigated safeguarding proceedings against the Ministry of Defence to protect my constituent.
In June the Minister requested that I write to him.
I did so yet again, but I still have not received a reply.
Will the Minister meet me finally to sort this out?
In doing so, will he reassure the House that a Conservative Minister’s word is worth the paper it is signed on?
I think that is a little harsh.
I have discussed this matter with the hon.
Lady, and I would of course be more than happy to meet her to discuss her constituent’s case further.
She will forgive me if I do not share the details with the House.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
I was privileged to attend the Invictus games this weekend in Düsseldorf.
It was truly humbling to meet inspiring individuals who have triumphed in adversity.
I took the opportunity to discuss with my Ukrainian counterpart the care and rehabilitation of veterans and the UK’s unwavering support for her country.
There are more than 265,000 former members of the armed forces in the south-west, many of whom reside in my constituency of East Devon.