On consistent definition, the Bill will build on previous legislation that changed special rules for social security benefit.
This final change brings the payments made by the Pension Protection Fund and financial assistance scheme into alignment with those changes.
I thank all Members who have taken part in the debates that have led the Bill to progress to this stage, including the Committee stage, and for the cross-party support it has rightly received.
As has been outlined, the Bill builds on the 2022 changes the Government introduced to social security benefits.
That legislation was welcomed by excellent key charities, such as Marie Curie, the Motor Neurone Disease Association and Macmillan Cancer Support.
It changed the special rules for a number of benefits, ensuring claims were rightly fast tracked.
Those who were thought to be in the final year of their life were able to receive vital financial support six months earlier.
This week is Dementia Action Week, bringing the UK together to take action on dementia and promoting an understanding of its impact.
The Alzheimer’s Society and many groups and charities do so much on this important issue.
I extend my thanks to them from the Dispatch Box.
By extending the definition of terminal illness from six to 12 months’ life expectancy for payments under both the Pension Protection Fund and the financial assistance scheme, the Bill completes the journey.
The Bill will mean that members are able to rightly claim compensation on the ground of terminal illness, if a medical professional confirms that they have less than 12 months to live, rather than the current six months.
Hon.
Members have spoken about the terrible time that people will be going through and the financial impact.
There is often more financial assistance than perhaps people know, if they are not used to being part of the benefits arena.
I urge people to look at the benefits calculator at gov.uk and to work with Citizens Advice, which runs our help to claim service, so that costs can be met and understood at a difficult time.
To assure the hon.
Member for Wallasey, in my role as Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, I met with the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Swindon (Justin Tomlinson) , this week to discuss costs and other matters concerning the national disability strategy and the disability action plan.
As the hon.
Lady said, the issue is at the forefront of my mind and we are aligned on those concerns.
Decisions on terminal illness will be made by healthcare professionals, such as clinicians and medical practitioners.
We thank them for that great work at such a difficult time, as pointed out by my hon.
Friend the Member for Tewkesbury.
As we heard during Committee stage, the definition will include advanced cancer, dementia, motor neurone disease and other neurological diseases, such as Parkinson’s disease.
The changes restore the original policy intent of alignment between the social security special rules, and the Pension Protection Fund and financial assistance scheme terminal illness rules.
Just as importantly, they bring both schemes in line with the tax definition of serious ill health, which currently allows private pension schemes to make payments when the member has less than 12 months to live.
I will briefly reiterate what I said in the earlier debate on the amendments and repeat what the Minister for Pensions said in Committee: it was never our intention to delay the commencement of these provisions.
There is no practical reason for us to do so.
However, as discussed today, putting a commencement date on the face of the Bill will provide certainty around the change at a time when people value certainty, and we will ensure that the provisions can commence four months after Royal Assent, as signalled.
I do not want to detain the House any further.