That is why I think this matters.
I appreciate that my hon.
Friend the Member for Cities of London and Westminster might not want to single one pub out in her constituency.
For what it is worth, I live in her constituency when I am carrying out my parliamentary duties, and I go to the White Swan on Vauxhall Bridge Road to watch sport.
I think it is really good.
It has a fantastic TikTok account.
Don’t worry, I am not expecting a free Guinness—I would not abuse my position in that way.
I had hoped to be having moments of joy this Sunday, with Liverpool winning the Premier League.
Sadly, that is not going to be the case, and I expect we will end up third, but I am going to a Liverpool fans’ pub in London in the afternoon with some friends.
It is that sense of community and of coming together that really matters.
Covid has had so many impacts on our country: not just the huge amount of investment that was put in, which we are now paying for across the UK, but what it did to community and the anxious generation we now have of people who interact solely on something like this phone—I am using it to look at the legislation today.
For me, what is critical is not just drowning our sorrows by going to a pub, but that sense of occasion.
I remember the joy of some of the sporting events I have been lucky enough to go to in person.
That sort of joy can be replicated, and it need not necessarily be in a pub; it can be in a community hall or at other sorts of temporary events.
However, it is vital, not only for economic reasons, but for genuine societal reasons, that we make it as straightforward as possible for Parliament to allow these things to happen.
While we still have a moderate amount of regulation in recognising what licensing conditions may apply and what concerns local residents or businesses may have, I come back to my original point: this simple change, meaning that it does not matter whether Parliament is sitting, is the key element of this legislation.
I am going to be shameless and name a few more pubs in my constituency.
I forgot to do so in discussing previous bits of legislation.
I even served on the hon.
Member for South Shields’ Bill Committee and did not do it.
I cannot name them all, but I have been to every single pub in my constituency; that is the reason I won the beer parliamentarian of the year award over a  decade ago, and still have the mug to prove it—though I can assure you, Mr Deputy Speaker, there is no beer in the Chamber today.
But who knows?
We might crack on over in the Strangers Bar if it is open later, to toast the hon.
Lady’s success in getting the Bill through this House.
We undoubtedly have a lot of events in Europe coming up, but it is important to recognise our international community here in this country and people’s desire not only to watch sports here, of course, but to watch sporting events with their home teams in different parts of the world.
I had better not get into too much trouble by naming loads of pubs, but—
My right hon.
Friend is making a very excellent speech.
She asked me for my favourite watering hole in my constituency.
I think it is only fair, surely, that she names one pub that she went to.
Of course there is the Felixstowe Conservative Club, which is very good in that regard, but I must admit that when I go to watch sports, I have been to the Douglas Bader in Martlesham Heath and I love going to the Anchor in Woodbridge.