I thank all concerned for their work.
I rise just to seek some reassurance on the amendments.
I am not at all against them in principle—when I read them on the amendment paper, I could understand what  the right hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  was attempting to do and exactly why—but it strikes me that they rather run roughshod over established procedures, particularly with respect to the devolved Administrations, by giving quite a strict timetable.
I wonder whether the Minister could reassure the House.
Although it is not the case here, the changes made by Bills can often be quite complex and have to be made appropriately, and putting a very hard stop in a Bill, regardless of context, sets rather a difficult precedent.
Although I do not object to what the right hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal is trying to do, I was slightly surprised by the bulldozer approach that the amendments create.
In this circumstance it is manageable, but it might not be quite so manageable in other, more complex circumstances.
I suppose I seek some reassurance from the Minister about the precedent that the amendments will set.
How wide will it go?
Are we going to start including in Bills a precise timetable for when they will be put into effect, with a hard stop, regardless of their complexity?
I understand that  the hon.
Member for Tewkesbury (Mr Robertson)  wants his Bill—we all want this to be done quickly—but there are some precedents being created here that would be slightly worrying if they were to extend more widely.
I wonder whether the Minister might give us some thoughts and insights in that respect.
I want to make it clear that the Opposition do not object to the Bill at all, but I am quite surprised by the innovative way in which the right hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal has sought to pursue her desire to get this thing done quickly.
I thank my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  for her considered amendments, and for the reasoned arguments behind them.
I know that she has been engaging extensively with our excellent officials at the DWP, whom she knows extremely well.
The hon.
Member for Wallasey (Dame Angela Eagle)  asked about innovations.
My right hon.
Friend is incredibly innovative, and I am not surprised that that is attracting attention.
Let me also thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Tewkesbury (Mr Robertson)  for the attentive way in which he has listened to all this.
As for the question of precedent, it is not unusual for Bills to have set commencement dates when we are sure that they can be commenced on the date in question.
I hope that that reassures the hon.
Lady.
I think we can all agree that we want the provisions in the Bill to be commenced with minimal delay.
They are important, and will provide much-needed financial support up to six months earlier than is currently the case for those who have received the devastating news that they have a terminal illness.
My right hon.
Friend is clearly mindful of that following her own experience in the DWP, and it is what is driving these changes.
They build on the work that the Department began in 2022, under her formidable and inspiring leadership.
She will be only too well aware of the importance that the Department has placed on doing all that it can to help people at these difficult times.
The amendments are intended to ensure that the Bill specifies the point at which the provisions will come into force.
They provide for this to be a period of four months after the Bill has received Royal Assent.