Member for Suffolk Coastal to check the consistency of those rules when the Act was put on to the statute book.
If that had been done, we would have had two more years of support for the terminally ill between 2022 and 2024, and many people would have been helped.
I wonder whether any other inconsistencies are lurking in the DWP on the change from six months to 12 months, and whether the Minister might trawl through the many bits of legislation and many statutory instruments that deal with such things to see whether any other inconsistencies could be quickly put right.
Will she commit from the Dispatch Box to ensuring consistency across all the definitions of terminal illness and, because the move has been made to shift the definition from six months to 12 months, undertake to make certain that there are no other inconsistencies lurking, so that we do not have to do this again with another private Member’s Bill to make sure the definition finally lands at 12 months, with no remaining six-month definitions causing inconsistency?
Every hour, 10 people die in poverty in the UK, and one in four terminally ill people of working age spends the last year of their life in poverty.
The cost of living crisis has acutely affected those who are nearing the end of their life.
A terminally ill person’s energy bill can rise by 75% after their diagnosis, with critical equipment often sending bills soaring.
For example, the cost of energy to run an oxygen concentrator can be £65 a month.
A dialysis machine can cost £27 a month and a ventilator can cost £35 a month.
Very few people wish  to be in hospital when they have access to these services but, all too often, it appears that we are leaving them with the cost of running these vital bits of machinery to keep them alive.
It is an indictment of 14 years of Government failure and neglect of our public services that so many people are spending the end of their life in poverty, struggling to make ends meet and worrying whether they can afford to run the equipment that is keeping them alive.
The way our country treats those nearing the end of their life should be a mark of how civilised we are, and I fear that we are not passing that test as well as we should.
I finish by repeating my congratulations to the hon.
Member for Tewkesbury on his work on this Bill.
We fully support its aims, and we hope to see further work in this area.
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Tewkesbury (Mr Robertson)  for bringing this important legislation to the House and for the way he has successfully navigated it to this stage.
I thank him for his important speech and insights on why the Bill matters, matched equally by those of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken) .
I thank  the hon.
Member for Wallasey (Dame Angela Eagle)  for her support for the Bill.
She asked why these regulations were not included in the 2022 Act.
Unfortunately, they were out of scope as that Bill was altering entitlement conditions for benefits.
I assure her my officials have said no other areas are in need of amending—I see that gets the thumbs up from the Opposition Dispatch Box.
On consistent definition, the Bill will build on previous legislation that changed special rules for social security benefit.
This final change brings the payments made by the Pension Protection Fund and financial assistance scheme into alignment with those changes.
I thank all Members who have taken part in the debates that have led the Bill to progress to this stage, including the Committee stage, and for the cross-party support it has rightly received.