If anyone is wondering whether the Bill will apply to future England appearances in finals, let me say that, while that might be more in hope than expectation, we should none the less legislate in hope.
We have already heard Members set out the reasons why we should make this change, which has commanded widespread support.
We have heard that such games can often arise at relatively short notice—for example, England reaching the final, which has been referred to.
When Parliament is not sitting, it is obviously not possible to use the affirmative resolution procedure, although let me be clear: even with the negative resolution procedure, scrutiny is possible.
Where necessary, it is possible to pray against resolutions made under the negative procedure, so if a Member feels strongly, they can obviously pray against the instrument in the normal way.
As Minister for crime and policing, I am obviously aware of how important it is to consult the police regularly and make sure that they are happy that, where we extend licensing hours, that will not cause any undue problems with public order.
It is important that the Home Secretary of the day consults the police appropriately to make sure that risk is considered, but I am sure that will not stop the power being used when appropriate.
As I have said, the power in section 172 of the Licensing Act 2003 has been used relatively sparingly, and that approach is not going to change.
The test is an event of exceptional significance, which imposes quite a high bar.
To make just one final point, for the avoidance of doubt, this instrument applies only in England and Wales, because it amends the Licensing Act 2003, which applies only to England and Wales.
Licensing is devolved in Scotland and Northern Ireland, which I assume explains why there are no Members from either Scotland or Northern Ireland joining us this morning to hear about all the pubs in the constituencies of the various Members who have spoken—in which context, I should commend the pubs in Croydon South, such as The Fox in Coulsdon and the Wattenden Arms up by Kenley airfield. [
Interruption.]
Of course, there is a Member from Scotland sitting right behind me, who I did not notice.
The Minister is making an excellent speech.
I, too, give my wholehearted support to the Bill, on behalf of pubs across Scotland and in my constituency.
It might not have a direct impact there, but we recognise its importance right across the United Kingdom and the important message it sends, so I thank the Minister —and remind him that I am still from Scotland.
I offer my abject and heartfelt apologies for overlooking my hon.
Friend, who is sitting right behind me.
She is Scotland’s only voice in Parliament today, and Scotland is all the better off for her presence here—particularly on this side of the House, where she belongs, and where she is very welcome and held in high regard and great affection.
There are many Bills to get through today, and I do not wish to test the patience of the House or colleagues by speaking for too long.
I fear that the most popular words in any speech I give are the words “and finally,” so—and finally I thank once again the hon.
Member for South Shields, who has piloted the Bill through Commons, and those who have spoken in support of it and served on the Bill Committee.
This straightforward and simple measure will free up valuable parliamentary time, as we heard earlier, and allow the Government to respond in an agile way in what I hope is the likely event that teams from the home nations make progress in various international sporting events, meriting an extension to the licensing hours of this nation’s fine pubs.
I commend the Bill to the House.