Again, I know that the Metropolitan police spend a lot of time and resources putting in extra police officers to police these events.
I note what the hon.
Member for South Shields said.
It is crucial that police and local authorities are provided with the guidance and support they need during national celebrations and moments of national significance when licensing hours are extended.
For my long-term goal, we need to make sure that residents living close to hospitality venues and those within licensed hours are considered in any extension.
I absolutely accept that the consultation system is not changing under the Bill, which I welcome.
I welcome the Bill, which I see as a move to simplify the process of extending licensing hours within the parliamentary process when needed.
I look forward to seeing the Bill complete its journey through this and the other place.
It is a pleasure to stand in support of the Bill on Third Reading.
I commend and congratulate  the hon.
Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck) , who has navigated this important Bill, which, though small, will have a significant impact on the wellness and joy of people throughout England and Wales.
She came into the House in a by-election in 2013 and has always made a positive impact.
She has, of course, been diligent in her constituency work, but I hope she will be toasted in every pub the next time a licence is used in the way introduced by this change in law.
The Licensing Act 2003 was important legislation.
The reason for that, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken)  set out, is that while we want hospitality to thrive in many ways, for people living very near a pub or other venues, those venues can have a big impact on their lives.
That is why the processes that are gone through are important.
I do not know the rationale for deciding, more than 20 years ago, that it was important to make this particular legislation via the affirmative resolution procedure, but it is sensible and pragmatic streamlining to switch to the negative resolution procedure.
This simple legislative change will not make bureaucracy a thing of the past; it is important that the appropriate procedures go through.
However, we often think about how Parliament needs to be in touch with the challenges that people have.
It may not be the greatest challenge in the world that a pub cannot open longer for a particular event, but when we try to explain to people that the reason such a change cannot be made is that Parliament is not sitting because it is having a summer break, there  is an element of, “Let’s look at that again.”
That is why the hon.
Member for South Shields was wise to pick up and work with the Government on this modest change.
On the negative resolution procedure more broadly, within Parliament, and in particular the other House, I would say there has been an anti-negative resolutions revolution in the passing of secondary legislation.
About 80% of our regulations are made through the negative route.
There will be a variety of reasons as to why it is unpopular for certain aspects, partly because, if people object to those statutory instruments, although there is quite a systematic process, it is not always easy to get a particular vote on it, particularly in this House.
One thing it has done is to clog up a lot of parliamentary activity, with more and more time being spent on modest pieces of legislation that really do not need further consideration, apart from the wisdom of discussions or debates that could be had outside of what is quite a formal parliamentary process.
That is why I think this matters.
I appreciate that my hon.
Friend the Member for Cities of London and Westminster might not want to single one pub out in her constituency.