There is no practical reason for us to do so.
However, as discussed today, putting a commencement date on the face of the Bill will provide certainty around the change at a time when people value certainty, and we will ensure that the provisions can commence four months after Royal Assent, as signalled.
I do not want to detain the House any further.
We know that being told you are nearing the end of your life can be a frightening experience not only for the  individual concerned, but for their family and their loved ones.
This Bill, although seemingly small, will have a really positive impact on those whom the provisions cover, at a very difficult time.
As with the 2022 Act, the Bill will ensure that when someone reaches the final stages of life, they will not have those additional financial concerns.
Receiving a payment at an earlier stage in their final illness will help those people to plan more effectively, providing them with the opportunity to focus on their time with the people who matter to them.
This debate gives me the opportunity to thank the St Peter & St James Hospice, the Hospice in the Weald, St Catherine’s Hospice in Pease Pottage, those local hospices that I am sure we all have, and those charities mentioned in this debate, who bring real comfort and support in all our constituencies at such difficult times.
This Bill will help people to live well to the end, with their loved ones and with that comfort.
I greatly thank my hon.
Friend the Member for Tewkesbury for bringing the Bill forward.
We all wish it safe and speedy passage through the other place, so that it can reach the statute book and support those who need it, our loved ones and people in our communities, with no undue delay.
With the leave of the House, I call Laurence Robertson.
I am pleased to draw this debate to a close by thanking the Minister and the Opposition for their support, and in particular with regard to setting the date for the commencement of legislation.
In that context, I also thank my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  for her amendments.
I thank all hon.
Members who have spoken in this debate and particularly those who served in the Committee stage.
I also extend my thanks to those at the Department for Work and Pensions and the Bill management team, who have been so very helpful, and to the staff at Marie Curie, who were mentioned earlier and who campaigned so strongly on this issue.
Hon.
Members will know we cannot function in this place without the help of our staff, so I particularly thank my staff, Benjamin Jones and Harry Wallis, for the work they have put in.
I hope by working together on this piece of legislation that we will have made a difference.
Question put and agreed to.
Bill accordingly read the Third time and passed.
Bill, as amended in the Public Bill Committee, considered.
Third Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read the Third time.
It has been a long journey to get this Special Envoy for Freedom of Religion or Belief Bill to this point.
I am grateful for the cross-party and public efforts and acknowledge the international interest in it.
At the outset, I particularly express my thanks to the Foreign Secretary, Lord Cameron of Chipping Norton, for his personal and vocal support for the Bill, including in the other place.
It is pertinent that this is a private Member’s Bill because, while it implements recommendation 6 of the Truro review and is therefore implementing a manifesto commitment, its origins are on the Back Benches of the Commons and the Lords.