As the Bill hopefully passes its final stage here in the Commons today, I look forward to it going forward to the Lords.
Again, I thank everyone who has been involved in its passage to date.
I rise to speak briefly in support of the Bill introduced by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Congleton (Fiona Bruce) .
Putting the special envoy for freedom of religion or belief on a statutory footing is an extremely good measure that we should all support.
I want to very briefly talk about the way I have seen my hon.
Friend the Member for Congleton carry out her role in my capacity as chair of the British Group of the Inter-Parliamentary Union.
My hon.
Friend regularly attends events that we hold here, where we host parliamentarians from around the world.
She has the ability to connect with those parliamentarians to offer them the support they need.
Very often, those politicians might be subject to persecution in their own country because of their religion, despite being elected politicians.
My hon.
Friend really does provide great support and offers them hope that the work they are doing can have a positive outcome.
My hon.
Friend was also able to demonstrate the UK’s lead in this area at the first Inter-Parliamentary Union parliamentary conference on interfaith dialogue, which was held last year; it is so far the only such conference, but I hope there will be more.
My hon.
Friend was one of the star speakers at that event.
She was able to come in and talk about the work we do here in the UK.
This was an event that brought together faith leaders and politicians from around the world.
There were some authoritarian regimes represented, to try to open up that dialogue and show that freedom of religion and belief is a very valuable matter, and that we as politicians need to communicate more with faith leaders than we probably do.
When I was Minister for modern slavery, it was the faith groups that were able to offer the most support to victims of modern slavery.
Mr Deputy Speaker, you are one of the most amiable and approachable chaps I know, but I suspect that many of your constituents find it easier to speak to their local priest, rabbi or other religious leader than to you, because of the trust that people have in the religious and faith leaders they interact with.
Therefore, it is incredibly important for you to have a dialogue with your faith leaders, as it is for  all of us here, because it is how we find out about what is going on for our constituents and how we can get support to them.
We cannot overstate the importance of faith and its interaction with politics, and how we must all be part of it.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for highlighting the importance of interfaith dialogue.
I must not miss the opportunity to promote one of the projects being undertaken by the international alliance of 43 countries.
We have a working group on interfaith dialogue, which was launched this year, and we are calling for contributions of good examples of such dialogue from around the world.
I encourage anyone in this place, and anyone listening to the debate or reading about it afterwards, to contact our alliance—they can do so through me —in order to contribute.
I am so grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that.
I know that we will all take note of it and look to promote it to our constituents.
I will conclude by saying the UK already has a leading role in this area, but putting the envoy on a statutory footing will reinforce that role, ensure continuity and emphasise the intent of Parliament to ensure that freedom of religion and belief is always observed.
I rise to support this important Bill.