This amendment is consequential on Amendment 4.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Tewkesbury (Mr Robertson)  and to the Government and the Department for Work and Pensions.
I have tabled these amendments because, as has been seen with other Bills to which we have given Third Reading, they concern the timing of when an Act comes into effect.
I am conscious that there are a number of situations where more work needs to be done to get some of the details and guidance, and other elements like that.
Regrettably, for a variety of pieces of legislation, waiting for the Secretary of State to create regulations has somewhat delayed the introduction after Royal Assent of the effect of the Act that so many people have worked hard to achieve.
I am not in any way trying to detract from the regulator or from the Department for Work and Pensions, of which I was proud to be the Secretary of State, but I am particularly conscious about the uncertainty of the timing of a general election.
Of course there are still procedures that can be done to some extent, but those who have held ministerial office will know some of the challenges that take place in terms of process, procedure, and different Cabinet committees.
Put simply—this is why I am grateful to my hon.
Friend and to the Government for listening to my concerns—the amendments would remove extra steps of process.
That matters because I am keen to see the Bill enacted.
I am not seeking in  any way to hold it up.
I want certainty about making it happen, and I was concerned about the uncertainty of timing.
I was careful to check that the amendments would not affect the legislative consent motion that has already passed the Northern Ireland Assembly.
If there is any way that they do, I have not been made aware of that—I have been given the opposite assurance.
I am keen to ensure that the United Kingdom moves together.
We have two formally separate systems.
These are transferred powers—they have always been powers for the Northern Ireland Executive and Assembly to deal with—but I know that the Executive and the Assembly have been keen, particularly in social security matters, for the United Kingdom to proceed in step so that we do not give different treatment to the same things, especially when we all pay the same tax and we all tend to have the same service providers.
After careful consideration, I wanted to ensure that the Bill becomes law in a timely fashion, without the need for further process, and that is why I will be pressing my amendments.
I thank my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  for tabling her amendments and for discussing them with me over the last few days.
We have worked to try to ensure that the best outcome is found.
She makes the point that when there is a general election coming, albeit that that is an unusual circumstance—one hopes that it will arise only every five years—it throws things into doubt.
The last thing we would want is for the Bill to get Royal Assent and then, for some reason—probably the election—not come into force.
I understand where she is coming from on that.
I also thank the Minister and the Government for discussing these issues and coming to an agreement to accept the amendments.
I am certainly very happy to accept them.
There is no need for me to drag proceedings out any further at this point.
I thank all concerned for their work.
I rise just to seek some reassurance on the amendments.
I am not at all against them in principle—when I read them on the amendment paper, I could understand what  the right hon.