Marie Curie, the charity that does tremendous work in this area, has published an eye-opening report, “Dying in Poverty”, which reveals that on average a pensioner’s energy bill doubles once they are diagnosed with a terminal illness.
I find that incredible and very, very worrying.
The report also highlights that people of working age who die are twice as likely to spend their final years of life in poverty, compared with people of pensionable age.
That poignant reality demonstrates the crucial need for Bills like this one by enabling individuals in these unfortunate circumstances to access their pensions early.
The Bill addresses the crisis outlined by charities such as Marie Curie and aims to restore dignity to those affected.
I also pay tribute to amazing charities registered in the Cities of London and Westminster that support those nearing the end of their life: Compassion in Dying, a national charity that provides advice and information to those at the end of life; the Sunseeker  London Charitable Trust, which provides financial support to organisations dedicated to the care of terminally ill people; and the Bennett Kleinwort Charitable Trust, which provides care and treatment for terminally ill people.
The work of these charities plays a crucial role in advancing progress towards addressing the challenges faced by terminally ill individuals, which is also the objective of the Bill.
Once again, I express my support for this Bill.
I understand that the hope is that it will encourage pension providers that do not currently have provision for serious ill health payments for those with a life expectancy of 12 months or less to consider putting it in place.
Although the Bill may be narrow in scope, I am confident that it is a necessity and will have a wider positive impact.
Any one of us can be diagnosed with a terminal illness, and it is important that there are provisions in place to offer financial assistance.
I commend my hon.
Friend the Member for Tewkesbury for bringing forward this admirable Bill.
I, too, congratulate  the hon.
Member for Tewkesbury (Mr Robertson)  on bringing this Bill before the House on Report and Third Reading.
As we have heard, the Bill seeks to ensure that there is financial support for terminally ill people who have seen the sponsors of their pension schemes become insolvent.
Thankfully, it is a small number of people, and we hope it does not get any bigger, but that illustrates the narrowness of the Bill.
It seeks to expand eligibility for terminal illness payments from the Pension Protection Fund and the financial assistance scheme from those with less than six months to live to those with less than 12 months to live, bringing the definition of “terminally ill” in line with that used for social security payments by the Department for Work and Pensions, which  the right hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  formerly led.
As the hon.
Member for Tewkesbury highlighted, the Bill is narrow in scope and, thankfully, concerns a fairly small number of people, but its impact for that group will be significant, because it will unlock access to a vital lifeline of support when they have received a diagnosis.
For that reason, Labour supports and welcomes the Bill.
Receiving a terminal diagnosis is devastating, both for the individual themselves and for their family and loved ones.
Such a diagnosis brings with it a slew a challenges and difficult decisions.
As  the hon.
Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken)  mentioned, the Marie Curie report on this issue makes for very sobering reading.
It points out that one in four people of working age who are diagnosed with a terminal illness spends the last years of their life in poverty, and that one in six pensioners is below the poverty line at the end of their life.