That would keep the definition consistent with making social security payments.
It is difficult to say how many people will benefit from the Bill, and in reality we do not really want people to benefit as that would mean that the sponsors of their pension funds have become insolvent, which we do not want to see.
However, where that is the case, this legislation will benefit terminally ill people.
The Bill’s scope is technically limited to the Pension Protection Fund and the financial assistance scheme, but I hope it will encourage any workplace pension that does not have provision for terminal illness, where the member has a life expectancy of 12 months or less, to consider putting such a scheme into place.
Depending on the scheme’s rules, many private pension schemes can already make what are called serious ill health payments under tax law, if the member has up to one year to live.
The change will be well worth making.
The heartbreaking job of giving a terminal illness diagnosis falls to health professionals.
Modern medicine, surgery, palliative care and the general care provided by our incredible NHS staff make that judgment even more difficult.
It is therefore right to extend the definition of terminally ill from the narrow band of six months to the more accommodating threshold of 12 months.
That is fairer not only to the ill person but to those who have to make the difficult judgment, especially when those health professionals know that a person’s pension payments may rest on that.
As we just heard, the Bill extends throughout the United Kingdom, and comes into force in England, Scotland and Wales four months after Royal Assent, and likewise in the case of Northern Ireland.
I commend it to the House.
It is a pleasure to support my hon.
Friend in this important change.
I commend him on the detail in his speech, which he also displayed in the Bill Committee, on which I was happy to serve.
The Bill recognises that regulations have moved on.
Back in 2022, the Government, with the support of Parliament, made changes to social security benefits to align ourselves with what was happening in the NHS.
Plenty of people who get a terminal illness could find that their lifetime may be longer than six or 12 months.
The Bill considers particularly where people are diagnosed later, and to accelerate or extend potential benefits.
The national health service considers people to be terminally ill when they estimate that they have around 12 months left to live.
That is never an easy message to give, or for people to receive.
There seems to be very little medical accuracy in getting the timeline right, but that length of time has been well established in the NHS.
That is why this is sensible legislation—to align with how the NHS treats patients, as opposed to the somewhat arbitrary 6 months.
The reference to the PPF and the financial assistance scheme available will be welcomed by people right across the country.
I am keen to see this legislation pass through the Commons and the Lords at great speed.
I wish to begin also by thanking  the hon.
Member for Tewkesbury (Mr Robertson)  for introducing this important Bill.
It is a pleasure to speak on Third Reading.
Pensions offer individuals peace of mind, knowing that they have a dependable source of income after years of dedicated hard work.
As well as alleviating the stress of financial uncertainty in old age, pensions allow retirees to retain their standard of living during retirement.
I welcome the Bill as it seeks to provide the same opportunity for financial security for those with a terminal illness, and thus offers a more dignified end of life experience in what I can only imagine is an unstable and devastating time for the individual and their families.