She is absolutely right: the influence that religious leaders can have in bringing communities together and preventing the kinds of atrocities I have referred to cannot be overstated.
This year, it has been my privilege to have collaborated with the Archbishop of Canterbury to highlight and focus on this issue, including at an event at the Foreign Office attended by over 100 of those engaged on the issue here in the UK and internationally, among them several parliamentarians —I remember that my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  was there.
The role I have gives the UK an additional privilege: that of holding out the importance of freedom of religion or belief across the world.
However, the men, women and children around the world who suffer—whether under the hard arm of authoritarian regimes or at the ruthless whim of militant mobs—need not just our voices, but our partnership.
They need not just our words, but our actions; not just our intentions, but our effective help.
That is why the role of envoy, the office that I have the privilege of holding at present, needs securing and resourcing over the long term, beyond the term of any particular Government or party in power.
Of course, this Bill intends to do just that.
As I say, the Bill fulfils the Government’s manifesto commitment to act on their words and fully implement the Truro review, which included a recommendation to make the special envoy role permanent, with the requisite authority and resources.
There is only one other country in the world with a similar office.
The US has had a permanent office promoting and protecting freedom of religion or belief for over 25 years.
The stability of that office over time has ensured a build-up of resources, expertise and research capabilities that enable it to make a significant contribution towards combating FORB abuses across the world.
The UK may be smaller, but if we had such an office, and secured and resourced it as a continuation of the office that I have the privilege of holding at present, it would enable us to speak across the world with a powerful voice for good.
We have seen the good influence that the current Foreign Secretary is having as he speaks out across the world.
Having represented three Prime Ministers now, I have been so encouraged by the respect in which the UK is held as we speak out internationally.
We sometimes underplay that here, to our detriment.
It was noted in Committee that although, of course, the Prime Minister will personally appoint their special envoy, the legislative description in the Bill is of a “Minister of the Crown.”
The title of “Prime Minister’s special envoy” provides the vital authority internationally to advocate of behalf of the UK, as I have just touched on.
Clause 1 reflects the current purposes of the envoy and the requirement to report directly to the Prime Minister.
That direct accountability is so important,  and I have found it so helpful under each of the Prime Ministers I have served.
I thank them all for their active support for my role.
Clause 1(6) provides for the continued office of the special envoy and resources to fulfil the role.
I say to my hon.
Friends, across the House, that we are all on the same side when it comes to advocating for freedom of religion or belief.
In fact, I do not know of a single Member in this House who opposes the Bill.
Why?
Because we recognise that it will provide an opportunity to do good—real good—and to change lives.
We recognise that anyone who opposes the Bill, or seeks to prevent its passage in any way, is in effect opposing the opportunity to do good.
I absolutely support the Bill.
I am not a religious person—I do not follow any religion—but I support the Bill because I believe in freedom, which is so important.