She asked me for my favourite watering hole in my constituency.
I think it is only fair, surely, that she names one pub that she went to.
Of course there is the Felixstowe Conservative Club, which is very good in that regard, but I must admit that when I go to watch sports, I have been to the Douglas Bader in Martlesham Heath and I love going to the Anchor in Woodbridge.
My first home was in a village called Westleton, where I used to go to the White Horse Inn a lot.
There are just so many.
Not all of them show football, and I must do better in ensuring that I get down to many more pubs in Felixstowe, where that does seem to happen.
However, I will continue to champion and go around pubs, and I now have a great excuse, with the hon.
Member for South Shields’ Bill, to explain why Parliament is going to make life for our hospitality sector a lot easier.
We have a great brewery and pub chain called Adnams in Southwold in my constituency.
Adnams still owns a lot of pubs, some managed, some tenanted, and I hope it will take full advantage of this great opportunity.
So without further ado, I am really pleased to be here on a Friday to support this legislation, I am sure the Lords will toast it as well, and I look forward to sharing a glass or two in the Strangers Bar later today.
I am afraid the Strangers Bar is closed.
I am sorry to bring such bad news, but I think the House of Lords bar may be open—you never know.
I am a former president of the all-party parliamentary group on beer, so I do not think we could have a more appropriate Chair for this particular debate.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck)  for introducing this important Bill and for all her commendable work on it so far.
I am sure that pubs up and down the country will be grateful for her work on the Bill if it passes.
I also pay tribute to all Members who have contributed today and at other stages, particularly  the right hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey) , as well as  the hon.
Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken) , whose constituency has some of the best pubs in London, of which she should be proud.
Anyone here on a Friday should take a stroll through the City of London, because it is beautiful and there are some incredible gems in its tiny streets.
Tourists often just wander around looking for something, and they will most likely come across those wonderful pubs.
I absolutely recognise the issues that the hon.
Member for Cities of London and Westminster highlighted about the potential impact on residents of the measures.
In inner-London boroughs, as she said, pubs are often close to residential areas.
However, as she will know, having spent time on licensing committees, local authorities and police spend a lot of time on ensuring that licences come with conditions in order to prevent such issues.
I will acknowledge some of the wonderful pubs in my Enfield North constituency, but before I do, let me say that it has been a pleasure to see the Bill pass through this House with cross-party support.
As we have heard, the Bill amends section 197 of the Licensing Act 2003, granting our hospitality sector more freedom to extend licensing hours with shorter notice, and giving the Government of the day the ability to respond to the needs of the industry.
That would allow our communities to celebrate events of national significance in hospitality venues for longer, providing a welcome boost to businesses and fans.