Let me mention a few examples from countries around the world.
We have seen, for example, the military coup in Myanmar exacerbating the persecution of religious minorities, not least the Rohingya Muslims.
We have seen the Taliban takeover of Afghanistan, with every religious group there, other than those willing to succumb to the Taliban’s ways, now oppressed and living in fear.
In Russia, Jehovah’s Witnesses, including the elderly, are now being imprisoned as criminals simply for being pacifists and being unwilling to serve in the army, and Putin is weaponising Orthodox Christianity in the war against Ukraine, with places of worship deliberately destroyed and reports of pastors disappearing.
We have seen daily disturbances in Iran, for which some have paid with their lives.
At the core of those is the cry for every Iranian to be free to live in accordance with their individual beliefs.
In Nigeria, thousands of Christians and some moderate Muslims are being massacred by Islamic extremists every year.
Just on Tuesday this week, we commemorated the 21st birthday of Leah Sharibu, who was abducted by Boko Haram seven years ago and not released—as were other Chibok schoolgirls —because she refused to renounce her Christian faith.
In Nicaragua, the Catholic Church is being particularly targeted.
Many people have been expelled, including those running religious schools or medical centres.
Even Mother Teresa’s nuns, who have been working there for over 30 years, were required with no notice at all to leave the country.
We are all aware of the situation in China, where over 1 million Uyghurs and, reportedly, increasingly more are egregiously incarcerated in 20th-century concentration camps.
Many have disappeared forever, and many are reported as having died.
The allegations of forced organ harvesting against Falun Gong practitioners would simply defy belief had those allegations not been persistently made by so many.
In Tibet, according to recent UN reports, up to 1 million children as young as two are being sent away to boarding schools, alienated from their families, cultures and beliefs.
The world should not stand silent about such things.
Before my hon.
Friend moves on, I would like to thank her specifically for her work as envoy.
As she has just shown, she has used her voice endlessly to shine a light on some of the darkest corners of the world.
I know that she will want me to mention Sudan, where we have seen systemic ethnic cleansing of non-Arabs, perhaps more on the grounds of race than religion, and that she will also want me to mention the fact that religious leaders can be a force for good in trying to stop violence.
In particular, in South Sudan, we saw the Pope, the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Moderator of the Church of Scotland work  together to call for an end to violence.
I would like to say a massive thank you to my hon.
Friend for her work as envoy, which shows why this role is so important.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her intervention, and even more so for her work as chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Sudan and South Sudan, as well as for her acknowledgment of the importance of freedom of religion or belief when she was a Minister in the Foreign Office.
She is absolutely right: the influence that religious leaders can have in bringing communities together and preventing the kinds of atrocities I have referred to cannot be overstated.
This year, it has been my privilege to have collaborated with the Archbishop of Canterbury to highlight and focus on this issue, including at an event at the Foreign Office attended by over 100 of those engaged on the issue here in the UK and internationally, among them several parliamentarians —I remember that my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  was there.