I will acknowledge some of the wonderful pubs in my Enfield North constituency, but before I do, let me say that it has been a pleasure to see the Bill pass through this House with cross-party support.
As we have heard, the Bill amends section 197 of the Licensing Act 2003, granting our hospitality sector more freedom to extend licensing hours with shorter notice, and giving the Government of the day the ability to respond to the needs of the industry.
That would allow our communities to celebrate events of national significance in hospitality venues for longer, providing a welcome boost to businesses and fans.
As we have heard, when our Lionesses progressed in Australia and New Zealand to reach England’s first World cup final since 1966, there was a missed opportunity at home, where progress stalled.
Pubs, bars and restaurants could open from 10 am on the day of the final, but could not serve customers until 11.
Licensing hours were not extended, despite requests, because Parliament was in recess, so it was too late.
Businesses missed the opportunity to serve customers early, and supporters were denied the chance to get behind their team.
With England and Scotland set for the European championships, another busy summer of sport will provide a welcome boost to our hospitality sector, which has suffered so much over the past few years.
If football is to come home again this summer, we must ensure that our hospitality sector is ready to embrace it.
I know that the Bill will not solve all the problems facing the industry, but it will provide the sector with the welcome boost that it is asking for.
From speaking to those at the many pubs in my Enfield North constituency, including the Plough, the Wonder and the Cricketers—where I go every Sunday with my children —I know that they support the proposals in the Bill.
Let us be clear: our hospitality sector brings a huge boost to the UK economy.
In 2022 alone, it generated £54 billion in tax receipts and £7 billion-worth of business investment.
Clearly, what benefits our pubs benefits local communities, but the impact goes much further: a staggering 42% of tourists want to visit a pub when visiting the UK.
They are a vital part of our communities, high streets and households.
I know that many Members present today will share that view, yet we are currently denying pubs, bars and restaurants the full opportunity to benefit.
It is clearly an opportunity, so for the reasons set out today, the Bill should progress.
The negative resolution procedure would allow an order to be debated if successfully requested by any parliamentarian, and the option of consultation would be retained, meaning that concerns will be considered, so relative safeguards are in place.
It is common sense that the Bill should proceed, and I am delighted to support it and my colleague, my hon.
Friend the Member for South Shields, today.
I start by congratulating  the hon.
Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck)  on bringing forward this private Member’s Bill, and for the charm and expertise with which she has piloted it through the House.
This is probably the shortest Bill I have ever been involved with as a Minister; I think the longest one was the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022, which ran to about 220 clauses and several hundred pages.
This Bill is a model of pith and conciseness —if only every Bill were as simple.
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on marshalling both sides of the House behind her Bill, and I thank the Members who have spoken today.
I thank the shadow Minister,  the hon.
Member for Enfield North (Feryal Clark) , for her support; my hon.