The match kicked off at 11 am, with many venues unable to serve alcohol  until 11 am or 12 noon.
There was no time left for them to apply to their local authority for a temporary event notice and, because Parliament was in recess, there was no mechanism for the Government to issue an extension.
Our communities missed out on all the pre-match excitement and much-needed extra revenue.
Clause 1 will allow the Home Secretary or Ministers to make an extension order in similar situations without going through the costly, overly bureaucratic, time-consuming and restrictive process that exists now.
Clause 2 simply states that the Bill will come into force on the day it gains Royal Assent, and will extend to England and Wales only.
The Bill does not propose a change to the circumstances with which discretion may be exercised by the Home Secretary.
The provisions in section 172 of the Licensing Act 2003, which relate to the length, purpose and consultation requirements of any relaxation order, will remain intact.
This is a Bill to simplify the parliamentary process, not to change the substance of the Licensing Act’s provisions.
Using the negative procedure instead of the affirmative procedure does not remove parliamentarians’ voices on applications.
As Members will know, the majority of statutory instruments are laid before Parliament under the negative procedure, and there is a process for objecting to them or having them annulled, both in this place and in the other place.
Next week, the Licensing Act 2003 (UEFA European Championship Licensing Hours) Order 2021 is due for debate.
Like all previous extension orders of this kind, it is very likely that it will pass through both Houses unopposed.
Considering the many problems that our constituents and the country are facing right now, it is a waste of precious parliamentary time to debate an uncontentious order that has such cross-party and public support.
I recall spending many hours as a Home Office Minister taking through statutory instruments for exactly this kind of occasion, even though nobody opposed them and everybody could see that they were very good, particularly for the hospitality industry.
I declare an interest: my brother is a pub landlord and my father was before him, so I know how much such orders matter.
I fully support the hon.
Lady’s Bill.
Does she agree that these events are exactly the kinds of times when we need to get together in the great British pub?
I thank the right hon.
Member for that intervention, and I hope that her family welcome the Bill as well.
Like much of our hospitality industry through covid, pubs were absolutely battered.
While this Bill is small and will not apply all the time, when it does apply, the revenue that our local hospitality venues and pubs will gain from it will make a huge difference to them.
Even with my Bill, the Government fully intend to continue to plan ahead so that, wherever possible, licensing hours extension orders can be brought forward with sufficient time for public consultation and notice, as they have been for the upcoming Euros licensing order next week.
This Bill has received such support because it is straightforward and sensible.
I am sure that we all  look forward to joining our constituents down one of our brilliant locals in celebrating the next national, sporting or royal event.
I commend the Bill to the House.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck)  on the success of her private Member’s Bill, and I am delighted to join colleagues from across the House in speaking in favour of its provisions.
The United Kingdom is a nation that likes to support our national teams and our chosen football teams.