We recognise that anyone who opposes the Bill, or seeks to prevent its passage in any way, is in effect opposing the opportunity to do good.
I absolutely support the Bill.
I am not a religious person—I do not follow any religion—but I support the Bill because I believe in freedom, which is so important.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the Bill is about not only freedom of religion, but freedom of belief?
At the heart of the Bill is freedom for people to feel what they feel, whatever their religion.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The clue is in the title: the Prime Minister’s special envoy for freedom of religion or belief. “
Belief” indicates that there are some who do not hold a religious belief but who are equally entitled to our support, advocacy and protection on account of their beliefs, whatever they are.
I will give the House some examples of the good that this office, if secured permanently, could continue to do.
About 18 months ago, my office—the office of the Prime Minister’s special envoy for freedom of religion or belief—initiated our monthly “religious prisoners of conscience” scheme.
Every month we champion, and call for the release of, a prisoner across the world who is incarcerated—sometimes in inhumane conditions —simply on account of their beliefs.
We have championed a Jehovah’s Witness in Tajikistan, Buddhists in Tibet, Montagnards in Vietnam, a Sufi Muslim in Nigeria, Christians and human rights leaders in Myanmar and Nicaragua, a pastor in Cuba, Baha’is in Iran and others.
This monthly programme was quickly taken up by the International Religious Freedom or Belief Alliance, now made up of 43 countries, which the UK chaired for two years, 2022 to 2023.
That means it is not just the UK calling for the release of these prisoners, but the collective voice of countries around the world.
That advocacy, along with the advocacy of others internationally, has resulted in the release of four of those prisoners, all of whom were facing several years.
They include an elderly prisoner who was extremely ill and needed medical attention, and who I believe would have died had he not been released; he has now had that treatment and is getting better.
Two other prisoners were young girls in their 20s who faced several years in prison simply for having changed their faith; they are now free and starting new lives safe in another country.
Just this week, we heard good news about another of the prisoners of conscience we have championed—this will interest my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken) .
We championed the case of Mubarak Bala, a humanist in Nigeria, who was sentenced to some 25 years in prison simply for his  belief; in fact, the deputy special envoy, David Burrowes, went to Nigeria and met Mubarak’s wife last year.
I am pleased to say that this week we heard that his sentence has been reduced to five years.
That is good news, but we are not giving up—we will carry on campaigning for his full release.
That is the good this role can do, and does.
Apart from challenging autocratic regimes, as we do, working in this sphere and standing up for those whose basic human rights have been trampled over simply because of their beliefs can make all the difference in the world to people like those I have just mentioned.
This has enabled the UK to show global leadership.
I am proud to say that the special envoy team for freedom of religion or belief recently won an international award for Government leadership on FORB.
As the Bill hopefully passes its final stage here in the Commons today, I look forward to it going forward to the Lords.
Again, I thank everyone who has been involved in its passage to date.
I rise to speak briefly in support of the Bill introduced by my hon.