Sadly, often, that will result in an increase in antisocial behaviour and disturbances for residents.
The extension order for the 2020 Euros final allowed for an extra 45 minutes of serving time.
However, for the 2024 Euros, the Government consultation proposed extending licensing hours by two hours, meaning many pubs will close at 1 am.
I am sure everyone in the House agrees that we do not want to see a repeat of what happened during the 2020 Euros, when Trafalgar Square, in my constituency, was the scene of some very unruly behaviour, including excess drinking and revellers climbing on buildings and buses.
It was an absolute nightmare.
I am aware of residents’ concerns about the current licensing application for the fanzone for this year’s Champions League final, which will allow up to 20,000 people to gather in Trafalgar Square and a further 30,000 in Victoria Embankment Gardens.
I thank the hon.
Member for her fulsome support for my Bill.
I stress to her and to the House that there will be continued consultation with the police and local authorities, even when the regulations in the Bill are in play.
We are simply changing the parliamentary process, not the process that happens outside this place.
I want to give her that assurance.
I absolutely accept that point.
I just want to take the opportunity to ensure we do not forget that, in my constituency in central London, we have a massive and vital hospitality industry, which employs tens of thousands of people, but we also have residents living cheek by jowl with those premises, many of them in social housing.
I visited a social housing block in Mayfair last week.
People do not expect to see social housing in places like that, but we have social housing in Mayfair, Belgravia, Soho and Marylebone, and it is important we do not forget that.
The UK should take pride in hosting internationally renowned competitions, such as the Euros and the Champions League final, and make provision for those seeking to celebrate them.
I understand why the Government and the Greater London Authority want to have fanzones, but I am also aware that local councillors, businesses and residents in the St James’s ward object to the licensing application for the fanzone on the basis that the venue and location are wholly unsuitable.
Local residents are particularly sad because they feel that there has been a lack of consultation in the process.
I note what the hon.
Member for South Shields says about the Bill being about the parliamentary process, which is why I support it.
In this day and age, it is ridiculous that we have had to have the House of Commons and the other place agree to extending licensing hours for an hour, or whatever, just for one day, so I appreciate and support the changes in the Bill.
However, we have to remember the knock-on effect of extended licensing on the police and local councils.
When the licensing hours were extended for the 2020 Euros, we saw huge amounts of waste and litter across the west end.
Westminster City Council collected 20 tonnes of waste over 19 hours during and after the historic England versus Italy final, with the use of 20 vehicles.
As ever, I take my hat off to the cleansing services of Westminster City Council: they deliver every time we have a major celebration or protest.
They clean up and people would never think anything had happened.
However, such events put a strain on local authority spending, particularly in Westminster, where we are not provided with extra Government funding to undertake the cleansing after those special events.
Again, I know that the Metropolitan police spend a lot of time and resources putting in extra police officers to police these events.
I note what the hon.
Member for South Shields said.