Member for South Shields, who has piloted the Bill through Commons, and those who have spoken in support of it and served on the Bill Committee.
This straightforward and simple measure will free up valuable parliamentary time, as we heard earlier, and allow the Government to respond in an agile way in what I hope is the likely event that teams from the home nations make progress in various international sporting events, meriting an extension to the licensing hours of this nation’s fine pubs.
I commend the Bill to the House.
As I said on Second Reading, I get my love of the pub from my dad, who knows a good pint when he sees one, and from my mam, whose footsteps I followed in as an excellent barmaid.
People who work in this industry deserve our support, and our communities deserve every opportunity they can get to come together for important events.
I give special thanks to  the hon.
Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken) , who has long championed our capital’s pubs and nightlife, and to  the right hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey) , who served on the Bill Committee.
I also wish that my locals would all toast me, but as she was here on Second Reading, when I listed all the cracking local pubs in South Shields, she will know that that would result in a very sore head the next day.
I have many more people to thank: the Minister,  the hon.
Member for Castle Point (Rebecca Harris) , Home Office officials, the Public Bill Office, in particular Anne-Marie Griffiths, and my invaluable senior researcher, Rebecca Natton.
I also thank the British Beer and Pub Association, the Night Time Industries Association, along with its chair and hospitality champion Sacha Lord, and on the Front Bench my hon.
Friend  the Member for Enfield North (Feryal Clark) .
Finally, I wish to say a big “cheers” to the Government for supporting my Bill, and in commending it to the House, I say to the Minister, as I said to his colleague the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department (Laura Farris), that I definitely owe him, and a lot more people, a drink.
Question put and agreed to.
Bill accordingly read the Third time, and passed.
Cheers to you, Emma Lewell-Buck.
Consideration of Bill, not amended in the Public Bill Committee
I beg to move amendment 1, page 1, line 22, leave out from “force” to end of line 23 and insert—
“at the end of the period of four months beginning with the day on which this Act is passed.”
This amendment would bring the provisions of the Bill which extend to England and Wales and Scotland, and section 1(5) which extends to England and Wales and Scotland and Northern Ireland, into force four months after Royal Assent.
With this, it will be convenient to discuss the following:
Amendment 4, page 2, line 1, leave out from “force” to end of line 2 and insert—
“at the end of the period of four months beginning with the day on which this Act is passed.”
This amendment would bring the provisions of the Bill which extend only to Northern Ireland into force four months after Royal assent.
Amendment 2, page 2, line 5, leave out subsection (7)
This amendment is consequential on Amendment 1.
Amendment 5, page 2, line 7, leave out subsection (8).
This amendment is consequential on Amendment 4.
Amendment 3, page 2, line 10, leave out subsection (9).
This amendment is consequential on Amendment 1.
Amendment 6, page 2, line 12, leave out subsection (10).
This amendment is consequential on Amendment 4.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Tewkesbury (Mr Robertson)  and to the Government and the Department for Work and Pensions.