Member for Croydon South (Chris Philp) , now says “ZERO TOLERANCE” on shop theft, even in cases where less than £200 worth of goods has been stolen.
Yet, in the two years that he was the police and crime Minister he left that £200 limit in place, allowed thieves to escape with impunity and, in the absence of any police, said that people should make their own citizen’s arrest.
While shop thefts soared, all he had to say to the public was, basically, that they were on their own and should sort it out themselves.
Many of my constituents are exasperated by the fact that the police are unable to turn up when there is shoplifting or a burglary, yet they were able to send six officers to get  themselves involved in a dispute with a local school and to warn off local elected representatives from getting involved.
Sadly, that misallocation of resources and unwarranted police overreach is not an isolated example.
May I urge the Minister to avoid engaging in political point scoring and instead join me in sending a very clear message from both sides of this House that our expectation is that the police should be focused on solving real crimes and staying out of legitimate free expression and democratic debate?
I think it is fair to say that the Prime Minister and the Home Secretary have been very clear about the priorities of this Government for tackling crime through our safer streets mission.
We want to halve violence against women and girls over the course of the next decade.
We want to halve knife crime over the course of the next decade.
We will deliver the 13,000 neighbourhood police officers back into our communities that were decimated under the previous Government.
The priorities of this Government are very clear in tackling crime and policing.
My constituent lives just 500 metres from the Tesco Express store in Eastbourne where she works.
She does not feel safe leaving as a result of the retail crime there and so gets a taxi back home in the evening.
Will the Minister explain not just what the Government can do to help protect shop workers like my constituent, but what can big business such as Tesco do to better protect the employees who do such an important role for them and for their communities?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
Clearly, legislation has been brought forward to protect retail workers from assault.
However, a good employer will want to ensure their staff are well looked after.
If there are issues about leaving work and needing to take a taxi, I am sure that good employers would want to address that and support those retail workers.
I call the shadow Minister.
As my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Hertsmere (Sir Oliver Dowden)  has outlined, this weekend we heard the shocking reports that the parents of a nine-year-old girl were arrested by six Hertfordshire police officers and placed in a cell for 11 hours because they complained about their daughter’s primary school on WhatsApp.
At the same time, 270,000 shoplifting cases have been closed without a suspect being identified.
Does the Minister agree that the police should be able to get on with the job of tackling crime on our streets?
Can she comment on whether they were getting their priorities right in that case?
As the shadow Minister will know, this is an operational matter for policing, and it is quite clear that the chief constable and the police and crime commissioner have set out that there will be a review of what happened in that particular case.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle violence against shop workers.
To repeat what I was saying, under the previous Government violence and abuse towards retail workers increased to unacceptable levels.
Everyone has a right to feel safe at their place of work.