We are also working closely with our allies and the European Union on these matters, in relation to not just the Balkans but locations such as Moldova.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
My former party leader, the late Lord Ashdown, regularly expressed his grave concerns about the fragility of the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina, drawing on his own experience as the country’s former High Representative.
Despite repeated warnings, the UK ignored the threat posed to peace in Bosnia by Milorad Dodik, his entourage and  his supporters in the Kremlin.
Dodik’s latest defiance of international authority, rejecting the legal orders of the international peace envoy, is only the latest act in his concerted work to undermine the Dayton agreement and regional stability in the Balkans.
It is clear that the UK has taken its eye off the ball in Bosnia.
The Conservatives’ short-sighted decision in 2020 to withdraw our troops from the EUFOR Althea peacekeeping operation sent entirely the wrong signal about our commitment to the region.
Does the Minister agree that the UK should recommit to the EUFOR mission, so we can work in lockstep with our international partners to prevent a further deterioration of the situation in the Balkans?
Madam Deputy Speaker, you will understand that I cannot comment on the previous Government, but I know there is strong support across the House for peace and stability across the Balkans, and that we are all engaged in that effort.
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that we absolutely have not taken our eye off the ball.
This region is one of the most important to the Foreign Secretary and myself, not least because of our long history of engagement in the region.
It is why we have now put in place one of our most senior diplomats to act as special envoy, and why we have been engaged in the diplomatic conversations I mentioned.
On the role of the High Representative, we are clear that the political crisis was caused by Republika Srpska, President Dodik and his supporters.
We support the High Representative’s role and we support the use of his powers, if necessary.
His role remains vital for Bosnia and Herzegovina’s future prosperity and stability, and we continue to work alongside EUFOR and indeed with the NATO presence we have there, too.
We all know that Dodik has continually denied that a genocide occurred at Srebrenica.
I was absolutely appalled to see that after his conviction, he was invited by the Israeli Minister for antisemitism to go to Jerusalem to address an antisemitism conference.
I hope that the Minister can restate the UK’s strong belief that a genocide occurred at Srebrenica and that other countries should not be inviting Dodik to address conferences, particularly on the subject of genocide.
I obviously cannot comment on Mr Dodik’s travel, but I can say that we are absolutely clear on what happened at Srebrenica.
My hon.
Friend will know that I have visited Srebrenica and that we have done important work with Remembering Srebrenica.
Again, there is a cross-party attitude on this issue across the House.
We are in a year of very important and solemn anniversaries and it is crucial that leaders refrain from inflammatory rhetoric and actions, and instead focus on building trust between communities across the western Balkans, and particularly in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
President Dodik’s language and actions are both reckless and dangerous.
Given that the Minister has just admitted to there being Russian meddling in the region—as we know, it has been going on for many years—can I ask what conversations he has had with the Americans to ensure that they continue to have command of the NATO headquarters in Sarajevo?
To the point made by the Liberal Democrat spokesperson,  the hon.