That is the right approach for the police to take, whether they are dealing with the most serious violence—which we have prioritised—or with neighbourhood crimes in communities.
As the shadow Home Secretary will know from the approach we are taking to the Sentencing Council and the importance of us bringing forward rapid emergency legislation in that area, we are very clear that there can be no preferential treatment for anyone in the criminal justice system.
It is really important that the principle of fair treatment for all is always maintained.
I completely agree with the Home Secretary that people should stand equally before the law and be treated exactly the same, regardless of their race or identity.
I agree with the Home Secretary about all of that, but unfortunately the anti-racism commitment published last week does not say that—in fact, it says the opposite.
It expressly says that
“It does not mean treating everyone ‘the same’ or being ‘colour blind’”.
Given that the Home Secretary and I agree that the law should be blind to race and that everyone should be treated the same, will she join me in tabling an amendment to the Crime and Policing Bill to override those provisions in the anti-racism commitment?
The police already have to swear an oath on their impartiality and policing without fear or favour.
That is the responsibility of every single police officer right across the country.
The shadow Home Secretary will know that there are dedicated police officers who  do exactly that and will continue to do exactly that, to ensure that they treat everyone appropriately and make sure that everyone faces justice before the law.
Residents of  Exeter, particularly female residents, have raised with me their alarm at Tory-led Devon county council’s decision to dim or completely turn off 80% of Exeter’s street lights during the night, including on streets and paths to railway stations and bus stops.
Many shift workers come home late at night or start early in the morning, and having well-lit routes offers them a sense of security.
Does the Minister agree that Devon county council should think again, and should consult with resident groups and other groups on a way forward that puts the safety of residents at the centre of its decision making?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
It is absolutely key that people feel safe walking at night, particularly shift workers and residents, and good street lighting is a key part of that.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Ukrainians in the UK deserve stability after fleeing war, yet almost half report severe stress and anxiety caused by prolonged uncertainty about their visa status.
Some 44% have lost a job opportunity, 26% have been unable to sign new tenancy agreements and 25% have had a student loan rejected, all because of that uncertainty.
Does the Minister agree that this is an unacceptable way of treating those to whom we opened our arms, and will she commit to giving Ukrainian refugees the certainty about their visas that they deserve?
The hon.
Lady will be aware that we continue to stand by Ukraine, and to support those whom we have been able to welcome to our country.
We have provided certainty under the Ukraine permission extension scheme, which we opened on  4 February .
Under that scheme, people can prove that they have ongoing status through section 3C leave during their application process.
This month, we marked eight years since the Westminster bridge attack, a cowardly assault on our parliamentary democracy that killed five people, including the late PC Keith Palmer, and injured almost 50 others.
As the survivors seek to rebuild their lives, what measures is the Department putting in place to support the survivors and honour the victims of terrorist attacks?
The victims and survivors of terrorism need and deserve the highest levels of support to recover and rebuild their lives.