We are clear that Russia continues to spread lies and disinformation and misinformation not only in the western Balkans but in many other locations across Europe.
We continue to work with allies and partners—the EU and others—to challenge that.
There is a particular challenge in the western Balkans, which is why we also support efforts there to strengthen free media, journalism and civil society organisations.
In my previous role as trade envoy to the western Balkans, I visited Bosnia and Herzegovina on a number of occasions, and it was evident that though the entrepreneurial spirit was alive and well, business leaders were frustrated by the deadlocked structures that they must work in.
Our embassy is doing what it can, but can the Government take any further initiatives that could increase economic activity and trade between our two nations?
The hon.
Member raises an important point, and I pay tribute to him for his work.
He and I travelled together on a number of visits to the region—including to Bosnia and Kosovo—so I am well aware of his interest and engagement there.
There are many opportunities for increased economic linkage and trade with all the countries in the region, and we continue to promote those.
Indeed, I discussed them on my recent visits to Serbia and Montenegro.
The hon.
Member is absolutely right that this is fundamentally about leadership in the region.
As I said, the people of Bosnia and Herzegovina need political leaders to focus on passing reforms and building inclusive futures, rather than exacerbating tensions as we are seeing with President Dodik in Republika Srpska, because that does not serve the people of Republika Srpska.
The Minister has acknowledged that the secessionist moves in Republika Srpska could have ramifications for the western Balkans more broadly.
One part of that is the north of Kosovo, where there is a Kosovo Serb minority.
While the UK does not contribute to EUFOR and  Operation Althea, we do contribute to KFOR in Kosovo.
What contingency plans exist for British troops to reinforce KFOR through a strategic reserve, as happened in 2023?
I am sure the hon.
Member will understand that I am not going to get into operational details, but he can be sure that we prepare for all scenarios across the region.
That is why we have welcomed the steps that EUFOR has taken in relation to Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The hon.
Member is right to highlight the role that we play in KFOR.
Indeed, I also visited KFOR with  the hon.
Member for Brigg and Immingham (Martin Vickers)  and saw the important work that it does in line with its mandate.
It is important that everybody takes steps to de-escalate tensions and deal with issues that have not been dealt with.
I have raised the Banjska incident a number of times, including with Serbia, and it is important that those responsible are held accountable.
I thank the Minister very much for his answers; he understands the issue incredibly well.
He will be aware of the recent judgments made in respect of human rights, in particular those involving discrimination against the Jewish community.
Will he outline whether the deputations included discussions of faith and freedom and people’s ability to practise their faith, and what the outcomes are envisaged to be to secure the right for people to hold and live their faith, no matter what that faith is, in Bosnia and Herzegovina?
I thank the hon.
Member for that important question.
He will be pleased to know that interfaith engagement was part of the special envoy’s recent visit.
I can write to him with a little more detail about that.
Of course, this is a country that has a strong tradition for a number of different faiths.