More recently, there have been concerns about attendees at Government events who have publicly expressed some frightening views.
Will the Minister assure the House that the Government remain committed to a non-engagement policy with those who seek to promote extreme views that undermine our democracy?
Where Government Ministers go against that, how does the defending democracy taskforce respond?
I assure the shadow Minister that our policy on engagement has not changed.
I have responded on this matter on a number of occasions.
What I can say to him, addressing the substance of the issue, is that we will tackle extremism wherever we find it.
The Government take these matters incredibly seriously.
We will never allow them to be used as a political football.
We will address these matters and tackle them head-on.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle shoplifting.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle shoplifting.
In the last year of the previous Government, shop theft reached a record high, with devastating consequences for our high streets and town centres.
The Conservative party wrote that off as low-level crime, but the Labour Government are determined to take back our streets from thugs and thieves.
That is why we are ending the effective immunity for shop theft of goods under £200, introducing a new offence of assaulting a shop worker and delivering 13,000 new neighbourhood police officers and police community support officers in communities across the country.
Many retailers in Bournemouth town centre and across my constituency have told me that the same people over and over again are responsible for shoplifting and putting their staff’s safety at risk.
Good progress has been made locally with Dorset police’s Operation Shopkeeper and the town centre business improvement district’s use of the UK partners against crime system, but what more can be done to tackle repeat offenders and to learn the lessons from successful initiatives such as those in my constituency?
I thank my hon.
Friend for bringing to the House’s attention the excellent initiative taking place in Bournemouth.
It is a real example of the results that can be achieved when we get local authorities, businesses and law enforcement all coming together.
I am keen to look carefully at examples such as that of Bournemouth and what is happening in the town centre to see how we can learn from such best practices and they can be disseminated.
May I thank the Minister for her earlier answer?
Across my constituency, from the Co-op in Dartford to the Subway on the high street and Pet & Garden Supplies on Colney Road, I hear the same frustrating tales from business owners and shopworkers about how powerless they feel to tackle shoplifting.
The measures contained in the Crime and Policing Bill to tackle that problem have just been set out and they cannot come soon enough.
Will the Minister bring hope to people across the Dartford constituency that we will turn the tide on shoplifting after it was clearly deprioritised by the Conservative party?
Again, my hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
When the Conservative party left office, shop theft was at a record level, up 40% in the space of two years.
The shadow Home Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Croydon South (Chris Philp) , now says “ZERO TOLERANCE” on shop theft, even in cases where less than £200 worth of goods has been stolen.
Yet, in the two years that he was the police and crime Minister he left that £200 limit in place, allowed thieves to escape with impunity and, in the absence of any police, said that people should make their own citizen’s arrest.
While shop thefts soared, all he had to say to the public was, basically, that they were on their own and should sort it out themselves.