Member will know that we have increased the return and removal of foreign national offenders significantly since the election.
Deportations, returns and removals had plummeted under the previous Government.
We are increasing them, and I believe it is right to do so.
By working internationally, we have secured a new agreement with Germany, which will now go after the trafficking and smuggler gangs and the illegal warehouses in that country, but we need to ensure that we take action against dangerous foreign criminals.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I want to make it clear that in the first question I asked, the number I intended to ask about was the 30,000 people who have illegally crossed the channel since the last election, which is  a 31% increase on the previous period; and for the  period since  1 January , the number was the highest in history.
To be clear, the figure is 30,000 since the election. —[
Official Report,  31 March 2025 ; Vol.
765, c. 3.]
The shadow Minister has got his point on the record.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I asked the Security Minister why the Government were spending so much time with, and lending legitimacy to, organisations and people whom they say they oppose.
The Security Minister replied, “We are not.”
I gave three examples, and for each of them there is photographic evidence.
In one case, a picture shows the Prime Minister in No.
10, laughing with the man I mentioned.
I have much admiration for the Security Minister, and I am sure that he did not say what he did deliberately, but can you advise us on how he might correct the record?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for giving notice of his point of order.
As he knows, the Chair is not responsible for the content of questions and answers.
Nevertheless, Members should strive to be accurate in the comments they make to the House.
If a mistake has been made, there is a procedure for correcting the record.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on HM Government’s response to the political situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her question about an issue that is very important to the Government and to many Members across the whole House.
We strongly condemn the secessionist moves by Republika Srpska President Milorad Dodik, which seriously threaten the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Such actions are unconstitutional and dangerous, including to those living in Republika Srpska, whom he claims to protect.
The UK, as one of the signatories, remains fully committed to the Dayton peace agreement, which protects the authorities of both entities, and supports Bosnia as a sovereign and politically independent state.
On  Wednesday 26 February , the Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina found Republika Srpska President Dodik guilty, in a first-instance ruling, of refusing to implement decisions of the High Representative.
The UK is clear that the High Representative’s jurisdiction is indisputable, and that disregarding the independent decisions of the judiciary of Bosnia and Herzegovina undermines the rule of law.
In response to the verdict, the National Assembly of Republika Srpska adopted a number of unconstitutional laws, and proposed a new constitution in clear violation of the Dayton peace agreement.
These moves represent a significant escalation in Dodik’s secessionist path, and threaten the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Bosnia and Herzegovina as a state.
As he accelerates those attacks on the state, he increases the threat to international peace and security.
Bosnia and Herzegovina has the institutions and mechanisms to respond to this crisis, and we support all efforts by domestic actors to de-escalate the situation and take appropriate action.