This month, we marked eight years since the Westminster bridge attack, a cowardly assault on our parliamentary democracy that killed five people, including the late PC Keith Palmer, and injured almost 50 others.
As the survivors seek to rebuild their lives, what measures is the Department putting in place to support the survivors and honour the victims of terrorist attacks?
The victims and survivors of terrorism need and deserve the highest levels of support to recover and rebuild their lives.
The Government will set up a new, dedicated support hub for victims and survivors, supporting their needs in the immediate and long-term aftermath of a terrorist attack.
Proposals for a new national day for victims and survivors of terrorism will also be consulted on, helping the country to remember and honour those who have been tragically killed or impacted by terrorist attacks.
Cambridgeshire’s rural crime action team is successful, but it does not have the resources to be available 24/7.
Indeed, it was not available during the recent hare coursing incursion into my constituency of Ely and East Cambridgeshire.
What assessment has the Minister made of ensuring the 24/7 availability of rural crime action teams?
I was very concerned to hear about the incident to which the hon.
Lady refers.
I announced earlier that additional funding is going into the national wildlife crime unit and the national rural crime unit to assist forces in providing the cover necessary in rural areas.
During a recent walkabout in Wallsend with Northumbria’s police and crime commissioner, Susan Dungworth, and the North Tyneside cabinet member for community safety, Karen Clark, I heard about how the police, retailers and the council work in partnership to tackle retail crime.
However, while larger retailers can provide personal safety equipment for staff, that is not affordable for small retailers.
Does the Minister have any plans to help small shop owners with such costs?
The Government have announced that we will provide £7 million over the next three years to support the police in tackling retail crime, including by continuing to fund a specialist policing team.
There is £100,000 available to the National Police Chiefs’ Council to assist with measures that retailers can introduce to make their shops and retail outlets more secure.
That that may well be of use.
Topical questions should be short.
The Home Office states that it takes fraud in visa applications seriously, but I know of a case involving a man who came here on a spousal visa, was then arrested four times for domestic abuse, and left the family home in October ’23.
All this is backed up by police reports and social worker documentation.
In his spousal visa application of March last year, he claimed that he was still living with my constituent in the family home.
She has reported this twice to the Home Office—
Order.
These are topical questions.
I call the Minister.
I am happy to speak to the hon.
Member about the case she raises.
Socketts newsagents in my constituency is more than 100 years old, but it faces closure because of gangs of masked youths shoplifting.
What will the Minister do to help Socketts and ensure that it can stay open?
Well, that is totally unacceptable.
That is why we need our neighbourhood policing guarantee, and bobbies working on the high streets and in communities that have been devoid of police officers for too long, because of decisions taken by the previous Government.
I am happy to discuss that case with my hon.
Friend.
Under the Police Regulations 2003, officers in Hertfordshire receive an allowance of up to £3,000, and those in Bedfordshire receive £2,000.
Officers in Cambridgeshire are not eligible for the south-east allowance, despite being in the same tri-force area.
The Policing Minister has previously informed me that the Government will give careful consideration to representations regarding the south-east allowance.
Will she take steps to award the south-east allowance to Cambridgeshire constabulary police officers?