Now that Labour is putting more money into people’s pockets, what more can be done to ensure that it is safe for it to be spent in town centres?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the issue of town centre crime.
We are investing additional funds of more than £1 billion in policing next year, and are providing an additional £200 million for neighbourhood policing, which was cut so heavily under the Conservative Government, so that we can bring it back to our town centres.
We are strengthening the power of police officers and PCSOs to tackle street and shop theft—crimes that have soared in recent years because the Conservative Government turned their back on it.
During the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill Committee, we Conservatives proposed a new clause that would provide a mechanism for a binding annual cap on the number of non-visitor visas issued by the UK.
That would have introduced accountability and transparency, but it was voted down decisively by Labour Members.
The Government talk tough, but does the Home Secretary not believe that the British public deserve a transparent and honest answer to the question of what the level of migration will be under this Government, rather than the Government’s just blaming us, or saying “lower numbers” on every occasion?
I am staggered by that question, because net migration reached record highs under the Conservatives’ watch.
We are the ones with a plan to bring it down.
Quite frankly, the hon.
Lady should support that.
Mohamed waited nearly three years for a decision on his asylum application, a period that was extended by the pause in processing Syrian asylum cases.
If the Minister will not end the pause, what interim steps will she take to further support host communities such as Falkirk?
As I said earlier, we are keeping under close review the pause in Syrian asylum applications.
We cannot decide asylum applications against a country policy that is no longer relevant because of the rapid change in that country.
We will resume those decisions as soon as we can.
Reports about the Met police raid and arrests at the Quaker meeting house in Westminster last Thursday have caused great alarm, particularly because Quakers are renowned for their non-violent and pacifist principles.
The incident raises serious concerns about the police’s approach to freedom of assembly, freedom of expression and the right to peaceful protest.
What explanation have the Met police given the Minister for their actions that night?
As the hon.
Gentleman will realise, this is an operational matter for the Metropolitan police, and I am sure that they will provide further commentary at some point.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in congratulating Dawn Thurkettle and the Rugby Street Pastors, and particularly the recently commissioned pastors, on all the excellent work that they do to lower the temperature on nights out in our town?
They show kindness and listen to people on our streets, and play an important role in our community.
I would be delighted to pay tribute to Dawn and the Rugby Street Pastors for their excellent work.
Many street pastors around the country do really important work in keeping people safe and secure on nights out.
The final question goes to the Father of the House.
Will the Home Secretary consider raising an obvious lacuna in the law in the Committee of Ministers at the Council of Europe?
Under the refugee convention, we can automatically deport foreign criminals who enter this country illegally, but under the convention on human rights, we cannot.
Surely we can address that in partnership with other members of the Council of Europe.
The right hon.
Member will know that we have increased the return and removal of foreign national offenders significantly since the election.
Deportations, returns and removals had plummeted under the previous Government.
We are increasing them, and I believe it is right to do so.