That is in part because of the discernment and judgment of the British public but also because of the actions of our intelligence services.
I declare an interest as a member of the Speaker’s Conference.
Does my hon.
Friend the Minister agree that aside from the security measures that are sadly increasingly necessary to protect candidates and elected representatives, it is vital that everyone who believes in the importance of defending our democracy plays their part in doing so, and that this must include Parliament, social media companies, the traditional media, the education system, businesses, charities and civil society organisations?
That way, we can collectively create a healthier and safer environment within which our democracy can flourish.
My hon.
Friend is right to say that the defence of our democracy is something that every sector of our society, business and the media need to play their part in.
I assure him that defending our democratic processes is an absolute priority for the Government, and that there is work across Departments to understand the nature and scale of harassment and intimidation of candidates and campaigners.
I assure hon.
Members across the House that the joint election security and preparedness unit will continue to co-ordinate cross-Government work on all threats, including candidate security.
The Minister for Local Government and English Devolution recently spoke at an iftar hosted by the European Islamic Centre, which is connected to Jamaat-e-Islami and Abul A’la al-Maududi, the Minister for Social Security and Disability attended the Muslim Council of Britain’s annual dinner, and the Prime Minister hosted Adam Kelwick, an imam who celebrated the  7 October  attacks and told followers to “pray for victory” for Hamas.
Why are the Government  so keen to spend time with and lend legitimacy to organisations and people they say they oppose?
What will the Minister say to the Prime Minister?
We are not, and I do not agree with the proposition that the hon.
Member has made.
All Ministers —of course, including the Prime Minister—take these matters incredibly seriously, and we always engage in the most responsible way.
When the defending democracy taskforce was established, it was proclaimed that its primary focus was to protect the democratic integrity of the United Kingdom.
What work, therefore, has it done on the fact that there is a part of this United Kingdom—namely, Northern Ireland—where the democratic integrity of the United Kingdom has been upended by the fact that, in 300 areas of law, our laws are made not by this Parliament and not by the Stormont Assembly, but by a foreign Parliament: the European Union?
What work has been done to restore democratic integrity to the United Kingdom in respect of Northern Ireland?
I give the hon.
and learned Member an absolute assurance that we work closely with all the devolved Governments on this matter.
In fact, I was in Northern Ireland just recently to discuss this with the Justice Minister.
The work that we are conducting as part of the taskforce is cross-party and designed to ensure that we do everything we possibly can to prevent interference in our democratic processes.
We take the matter seriously, and we will work with others on it.
I call the shadow Minister.
I realise that my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Suffolk (Nick Timothy)  was unable to get a meaningful answer, but with Islamist extremism behind three quarters of MI5’s caseload, it is essential to shield our democracy from its pressure.
The Minister has repeatedly reiterated the Government’s non-engagement policy with the Muslim Council of Britain, despite a Government Minister attending its annual dinner.
More recently, there have been concerns about attendees at Government events who have publicly expressed some frightening views.
Will the Minister assure the House that the Government remain committed to a non-engagement policy with those who seek to promote extreme views that undermine our democracy?
Where Government Ministers go against that, how does the defending democracy taskforce respond?