Many seeking asylum, including from Syria, enter the UK by illegally crossing the channel, which is, of course, completely unnecessary, as France is a safe country with a well-functioning asylum system.
In relation to those channel crossings, will the Minister accept that the Government’s plan to smash the gangs lies in tatters?
Crossings are up by 31% since the election—they are about to break 300,000—and the first three months of this year have been the worst on record.
Does the Minister accept it was a catastrophic mistake to cancel the Rwanda deterrent before it even started?
I was in Berlin last week, and the new German Government, and other European Governments, are looking to implement removals deterrents very similar to the Rwanda deterrent.
Will she now do a U-turn and implement a removals deterrent so that all illegal arrivals are rapidly removed to a safe third country?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the need to work with our partners.
My French counterpart Minister Haddad and I convened our Quint partners and the EU institutions on Friday for a joint meeting; Minister Haddad was visiting London and we took the initiative to meet our partners, because we were deeply concerned about the situation in Bosnia.
We have also  been engaging with those in the region, including Serbia and Croatia.
I, along with the special representative, the Foreign Secretary and others, will continue to do so.
As the hon.
Gentleman will realise, this is an operational matter for the Metropolitan police, and I am sure that they will provide further commentary at some point.
I would be delighted to pay tribute to Dawn and the Rugby Street Pastors for their excellent work.
Many street pastors around the country do really important work in keeping people safe and secure on nights out.
The Clerk at the Table having informed the House of the unavoidable absence of the Speaker, the Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No.
3 ).
I inform the House that Mr Speaker is in Ukraine at the invitation of Ruslan Stefanchuk, president of the Ukrainian Parliament, alongside Speakers from across Europe.
He will provide an update to the House on Wednesday.
The Secretary of State was asked—
If she will review the pause in decisions on Syrian asylum claims.
We wish Mr Speaker all the best on his extremely important visit to our parliamentary colleagues in Ukraine.
Following the fall of the Assad regime, the Home Office withdrew the country policy and information note and guidance on Syria and temporarily paused interviews and decisions on Syrian asylum claims.
This was, and remains, a necessary step that several other European countries have also taken.
The pause is under constant review, and when there is a clear basis on which to make decisions, we will start processing claims again.
I am sure my hon.
Friend will agree that the UK Government, together with the international community, are looking for a peaceful solution in Syria that puts the people of Syria first.
Organisations working with the Syrian communities in Scotland, such as the Scottish Refugee Council, have reported a sense of heightened anxiety among Syrians currently in the asylum system, and wonder whether people seeking protection should be kept in limbo any longer than is necessary.
There are also concerns that the pause in decision making may increase the backlog of asylum cases, contributing to the legacy backlog left by the Conservative Government.
Order.
Ms Ferguson, is there an actual question?
There certainly is.
Is my hon.
Friend able to give a timeline for her decision making?
I understand the heightened anxiety among Syrian asylum seekers, but the Home Office relies on the country information in order to make decisions on whether particular people need protection, and that information is currently in the middle of quite profound change.