I volunteered with the OSCE to ensure free and fair elections in Bosnia  and Herzegovina in 1996, following the Dayton peace agreement.
I therefore have huge concerns about the escalating tensions.
I welcome the diplomatic efforts we are undertaking to support stability, on which the Minister has updated us, but can he confirm that he is working closely with European civil society partners such as the OSCE to secure peace and stable democracy in the region?
We continue to work with all organisations that seek to promote peace and stability in the region.
My hon.
Friend rightly mentions the OSCE, which is crucial.
I know that the issue is of keen interest to members of the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly in this place.
We will continue to work with them, with the Council of Europe and with others, including our partners in the EU, the US and beyond.
Civil society organisations are crucial to that work.
Many examples of the work that we have done in the past to build trust between communities and on peacebuilding have been achieved through civil society organisations.
Is the Minister aware of reports that Russia Today and Sputnik are increasing their dissemination of disinformation in Bosnia and Herzegovina at the same time as the widely respected Bosnian service of Voice of America faces closure?
Will he see what more we can do to counter Russian disinformation in the region, perhaps by increasing broadcasting by the BBC World Service?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight the destabilising hybrid activities of Russia, not just in Bosnia but across the region.
He knows the steps that have been taken in this country against RT and other Russian outlets; indeed, we have called them out across Europe and have worked with partners on that.
He is absolutely right that free, fair, truthful and legitimate media are needed to ensure that citizens have the truth about what is happening, not the kind of lies that are peddled from the Kremlin.
I cannot make specific promises, but he knows that we treat the BBC World Service very seriously.
The Under-Secretary of State, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hornsey and Friern Barnet (Catherine West) , is here with me and will have heard his comments closely.
As has been noted, the actions of Milorad Dodik over the past few weeks and months have seriously undermined the stability of Bosnia and Herzegovina and have undermined the Dayton peace agreement, which ended the country’s 1992-to-1995 war in the aftermath of the horrific genocide that took place in Srebrenica.
What steps are the Government taking to work with partners such as the US, the EU and other western Balkan countries to ensure that the territorial integrity of Bosnia is upheld during this fragile period?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the need to work with our partners.
My French counterpart Minister Haddad and I convened our Quint partners and the EU institutions on Friday for a joint meeting; Minister Haddad was visiting London and we took the initiative to meet our partners, because we were deeply concerned about the situation in Bosnia.
We have also  been engaging with those in the region, including Serbia and Croatia.
I, along with the special envoy, the Foreign Secretary and others, will continue to do so.
One detects the hand of Russia here, much as one does across the entire periphery of Europe, from the High North, Ukraine, the Balkans and the Caucasus, which the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee mentioned, to the Sahel, the Maghreb and Libya, right over to the Greenland-Iceland-UK gap.
Will the Minister describe the British strategy for rolling back Russian destabilisation across the entire periphery of Europe?
In 30 seconds!
To do so in a few seconds would be a challenge, but I assure  the hon.