Will the Minister describe the British strategy for rolling back Russian destabilisation across the entire periphery of Europe?
In 30 seconds!
To do so in a few seconds would be a challenge, but I assure  the hon.
Member for Tunbridge Wells (Mike Martin)  that in all those regions we are not only conscious of what Russia is doing, but actively working with partners to push back.
That is why it has been identified as an area for close co-operation with the EU; it is why we work closely with the United States and others; and it is why we work closely with individual partners in specific contexts, including in Moldova in response to Russian attempts there.
The Balkans, Moldova, the Caucasus and elsewhere are all areas in which we see Russia spreading misinformation, lies and worse.
Dodik’s reckless rhetoric has been noted many times in the House this afternoon.
Can the Minister assure me that work is being done with partners in the region to ensure that there is no contagion?
I am thinking in particular of Kosovo.
My hon.
Friend rightly raises Kosovo, a country that I have visited on several occasions and which we continue to support.
We also continue to support the important dialogue between Belgrade and Pristina and to work with EU and other counterparts on this crucial issue.
We play a crucial role in KFOR in Kosovo in promoting peace and stability.
It is important, as my hon.
Friend says, to understand the wider regional implications and to continue to work with all partners to promote peace and stability, whether that is in Bosnia and Herzegovina, in Kosovo or in responding to Russian hybrid activity.
Given the recent love-in between Washington and Moscow, it is hardly surprising that the killer in the Kremlin is encouraging all his sidekicks to stir up trouble in areas such as Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Are the Government aware of and keeping under very close scrutiny other potential areas where allies of Mr Putin can be expected to start to stir up trouble and destabilise things as part of his move, now that he is on the front foot in Ukraine?
I would not agree entirely with the right hon.
Member’s characterisation.
One only has to look at what President Trump has said in the last 24 hours on these matters to see that we are united in trying to not only find a sustainable peace in Ukraine but call out Russia on its actions and take the necessary actions.
When it comes to Russia’s activities elsewhere, as I said there is very strong Quint unity on this issue, and it was a real pleasure to be alongside American and European counterparts with a strong, united approach.
It is crucial that there is strong transatlantic unity on these issues, and we will continue to work for that with European and American partners.
The Sarajevo security conference is in a couple of months, and there will be a session on defence technology.
I have been asked along to speak about it.
NATO countries in Europe are rearming and spending increased defence budgets on investing in and developing defence technology.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that our friends in Bosnia and Herzegovina are also updating their capabilities?
What message can I take to that conference?
I am glad to hear that my hon.
Friend has been invited to that conference.
It is important that we have links at a parliamentary level with countries in the western Balkans, particularly on these important matters.
I mentioned earlier that we are working, including through our presence at the NATO headquarters in Sarajevo, on investing in and strengthening the capabilities of Bosnia and Herzegovina’s armed forces, and considering how they might be deployed internationally too.
That is very important.