The hon.
Member raises an important issue about how coercive control can manifest and how abusers can continue their abuse in different ways, including using the civil courts.
Part of the reason for introducing  the national centre for public protection is to have the best possible national standards and training, properly for the first time across policing and then working across the criminal justice system, in order to keep victims safe.
At last week’s annual police awards held by the Rochdale district of Greater Manchester police, the unsung hero award went to Jayne Ward, who is a sexual assault adviser, for her role in supporting a rape victim throughout every single day in court.
That victim was rewarded with justice, and the rapist was sent down for 12 years.
Jayne currently supports 150 sexual assault victims.
Does the Home Secretary agree that we owe a great debt of thanks to Jayne and to the police officers who help to secure such convictions?
I pay tribute to Jayne Ward for the remarkable work that she is doing to support victims of the most appalling and vile crimes, helping them to get justice and helping them as they go through the criminal justice system.
I also pay tribute to the police officers working night and day across the country to tackle sexual assault and abuse.
The ambition to halve the prevalence of violence against women and girls is a laudable one, but could the Home Secretary give the House some more information?
What number is she taking as a starting point to be halved?
When will she be able to provide more information to the House and to my Select Committee?
I thank the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee for her questions.
We are currently drawing up a strategy on violence against women and girls, which will be published before the summer recess and will set out the approach that we need to take and the need to reduce domestic abuse, sexual assaults and stalking—the crimes that are most prevalent and of which women are most likely to be the victims, but which we also need to reduce more broadly.
We will set out details on the measures that we will be looking for as part of that strategy.
The accurate collection of sex-aggregated data by police forces is essential to addressing male violence against women and girls.
What plans does my right hon.
Friend have in place for her Department to implement the recently published Sullivan review?
I can tell my hon.
Friend that we take the Sullivan review extremely seriously.
It is important to recognise the difference between biological sex and gender and to make sure that policing and the criminal justice system always have the accurate data that they need.
Women and girls will never truly be safe while terrifying online influencers such as Andrew Tate are allowed platforms that radicalise men and boys into extreme misogyny.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking with Cabinet colleagues to support police in tackling violence against women and girls?
Measures in the Online Safety Act 2023 are being implemented over the course of this year.
That includes the introduction this summer of measures expected to ensure that stronger action is taken to prevent young boys and children more widely from seeing inappropriate material, which can be very damaging and very extreme.
We also need to work in schools to prevent abuse in relationships.
Rape victims were failed under the previous Government, and too few actually got to see the inside of a courtroom.
Among those victims were the victims of Andrew Tate here in the UK, who suffered rape and other violence against them.
While I know that the Home Secretary cannot comment on the current extradition notice with Romania, what message can she send to those victims, whom I have met and who will be meeting a Minister as well, about their day in court and getting justice?