What steps her Department is taking to tackle violence against shop workers.
To repeat what I was saying, under the previous Government violence and abuse towards retail workers increased to unacceptable levels.
Everyone has a right to feel safe at their place of work.
Alongside the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers and the Co-op, who have long campaigned for stronger protections for retail workers, we are bringing in through the Crime and Policing Bill a new offence of assaulting a retail worker, to protect those hard-working and dedicated staff who work in stores, and to send a really strong message that violence against retail workers will not be tolerated.
On Friday I visited the central Co-op in Ashbourne, which recently experienced an armed robbery.
Elizabeth and Georgia were working there when the robbery took place and are still deeply affected several months later.
What action are the Government taking to stop violence against shop workers, especially in rural areas where the geographical distances involved often mean that the police take longer to respond?
I thank my hon.
Friend for bringing that shocking case to the attention of the House.
All our thoughts will be with Elizabeth and Georgia after what they have been through.
I also want to applaud the Co-op for the leading role that it has played in helping us to develop this new offence of assault against shop workers, to ensure that it is not just armed robbery against its staff that will be punished but the acts of violence and intimidation that far too many shop workers find happening on a daily basis.
On the issue of serious crime in rural areas, our neighbourhood policing guarantee will deliver thousands of neighbourhood police community support officers across England and Wales, including in rural areas, to speed up response times, build up public confidence and ensure that for those violent criminals who commit acts such as armed robbery, there will be no hiding place from the law.
In Ashford and Staines in my constituency we have a real plague of shoplifting and antisocial behaviour.
Inspector Matthew Walton of the North division is doing a great job with his team to tackle it, in combination with the community and the retailers, but still the problem is getting worse.
After the success of the facial recognition software roll-out in Croydon, will Ministers please consider extending it to Spelthorne, because it would be a welcome addition to policing in my area?
As an operational matter, live facial recognition is something for the police to use as they deem fit, but from my experience of it being used in Croydon, I can see the benefits to policing.
It seems to be a very effective tool that police forces should have in their armoury.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle the antisocial use of off-road bikes.
Many of us will know from our constituencies the havoc that can be caused in communities by the dangerous and deafening antisocial use of off-road bikes.
That is why this Government are giving the police  stronger powers to swiftly seize those bikes and other vehicles where they are being driven antisocially through local estates and town centres, as part of our mission to crack down on antisocial behaviour and make our streets safe.
People across Lichfield, Burntwood and the surrounding villages in my constituency—and, I am sure, across the country—are sick and tired of off-road bikes being used inappropriately, antisocially and dangerously on our streets.
The worst example I have seen was somebody doing a wheelie on a quad bike at 40 mph on Eastern Avenue in Lichfield.
I reported that to the police and they are following it up as best they can, but they tell me that they need the new powers in the Bill.