That is why we are increasing policing powers and why we want to work with policing on things like the drone use and other measures to tackle antisocial behaviour.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle mobile phone theft.
Street theft increased by more than 40% in the last year of the previous Government, largely due to soaring rates of snatch theft involving mobile phones.
There is clear evidence of organised criminality in those crimes—this is not just about petty criminals and opportunists.
That is why the Home Secretary recently convened a mobile phone theft summit with tech companies, policing leaders and the National Crime Agency, and why our Crime and Policing Bill includes a new power enabling police to enter premises identified by electronic mapping if stolen items are believed to be there.
Mobile phone theft is a widespread concern in my constituency.
Between 2019 and 2024, the spate of mobile phone thefts has risen by 22.3%.
Can my hon.
Friend reassure my constituents that this Government will take all steps to ensure their safety?
I can give my hon.
Friend that reassurance.
Our recent mobile phone theft summit resulted in clear commitments from attendees to work in collaboration to tackle mobile phone theft and the organised criminality driving it.
That is also why our Crime and Policing Bill will give police the power, where it is not practical to wait for a warrant, to enter and search premises where stolen mobile phones are believed to be.
The rising number of mobile phone thefts has caused great concern among many of my constituents.
By the way, I am not technically minded—I know very little about how my mobile phone works—but many people have everything on their phones: their bank details are on that phone; their life is on that phone.
If their phone is stolen, they are in big trouble.
How will we restore confidence in the general public on mobile phones and having all our details on them?
I think it is worth reflecting on the impressive results we have seen in recent months from the Metropolitan police in their work to intensify action on mobile phone theft.
The hon.
Gentleman is right: this is an important subject and we need to see that kind of activity around the country, including in Northern Ireland.
What steps she is taking to help tackle rural crime.
The Government are committed to tackling rural crime and safeguarding rural areas through tougher measures to clamp down on antisocial behaviour, fly-tipping and the theft of agricultural equipment.
Alongside our neighbourhood policing guarantee, we are also providing funding to the national rural and wildlife crime units to ensure their valuable work can continue.
Crime rates in rural areas have surged by 32% since 2011, compared with 24% for urban areas, with a total rise of almost 130 reported offences.
Rural crime in my constituency includes theft of agricultural machinery, livestock and fuel.
The area’s remote locations make it vulnerable to such crimes, which impact on local farmers and residents.
What are the Government doing to ensure that rural crime gets the attention that it deserves?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that vital issue.
Just last month I held a rural crime roundtable in North Yorkshire and met local residents and farmers to discuss this important topic.
Last week, in recognition of the success of the national rural and wildlife crime units, I announced additional funding for both in the next financial year, so that they can continue to support the police in rural areas.
We are also working with the National Police Chiefs’ Council on the next iteration of the rural and wildlife crime strategy.
Later this year we will implement the Equipment Theft (Prevention) Act 2023 and put the necessary secondary legislation in place.
Ahead of that, we will publish the Government’s response to the call for evidence on the scope of that legislation.