It is important that we have links at a parliamentary level with countries in the western Balkans, particularly on these important matters.
I mentioned earlier that we are working, including through our presence at the NATO headquarters in Sarajevo, on investing in and strengthening the capabilities of Bosnia and Herzegovina’s armed forces, and considering how they might be deployed internationally too.
That is very important.
We will continue to work with European partners, both inside and outside NATO, to ensure that we can all collectively contribute to European defence, particularly in response to the hybrid activities and new advances in warfare we see, whether it be cyber or drone technology.
I draw Members’ attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Last November, I visited the Srebrenica memorial centre, and I am sure the Minister will share my revulsion at the fact that it had to close its doors for a short period just a few weeks ago due to the political situation there.
Before he does so, can he elaborate on the position that the United States of America has adopted in respect of Bosnia and Herzegovina and whether he views the US as a stable ally that recognises that the western Balkans are crucial to the security of Europe as a whole?
We and the United States played a crucial role in the western Balkans, particularly in achieving the Dayton peace agreement itself.
We continue to be committed to that.
As I said, there has been strong unity among the Quint, and it is important that the United States and Europe work together on these issues.
There has been a legacy of 30 years of relative stability—I say “relative” because there have been deep threats to it at different points—and we need that to continue for the people of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
I am sure we are all committed to that.
Further to the question from my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Maldon (Sir John Whittingdale) , and knowing how much the Minister values soft power, can he reassure the House that there will be no further cuts to the British Council or the World Service in the Balkans on his watch?
I will come back to the hon.
Lady on her specific points about British Council and the BBC World Service funding, but I have mentioned our wider development spending in the region.
While we are  having to make very difficult decisions at the moment, it is worth reflecting on the fact that through around £50 million this year from the integrated security fund and Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office official development assistance, we have continued to empower women and girls, strengthen democracy, build resilience to domestic and state threats, and promote peacebuilding and transitional justice.
We have been engaged across a range of different areas in the development and soft power space to contribute to peace and stability in the western Balkans, and in Bosnia and Herzegovina specifically.
I associate myself with the comments made about the British Council and the BBC World Service.
A few weeks ago, I had the privilege of visiting 77th Brigade, the anti-Russian-disinformation brigade based at Newbury.
Has an assessment been made of the rise of Russian misinformation and disinformation in the Republika Srpska theatre in recent months?
We heard during that meeting that Russia is increasingly using misinformation and disinformation across Ukraine, eastern Europe, and indeed the Balkans.
We are clear that Russia continues to spread lies and disinformation and misinformation not only in the western Balkans but in many other locations across Europe.
We continue to work with allies and partners—the EU and others—to challenge that.
There is a particular challenge in the western Balkans, which is why we also support efforts there to strengthen free media, journalism and civil society organisations.