Officers in Cambridgeshire are not eligible for the south-east allowance, despite being in the same tri-force area.
The Policing Minister has previously informed me that the Government will give careful consideration to representations regarding the south-east allowance.
Will she take steps to award the south-east allowance to Cambridgeshire constabulary police officers?
I am certainly willing to hear representations on that.
Following the gripping storyline of “Adolescence” and the rise of incel culture contributing to youth crime, what specific measures is the Home Office implementing to address the root causes and create a safer and more supportive environment for our young people?
My hon.
Friend is right to mention the television programme “Adolescence”, which many people will have seen, and the issue of rising violence among teenagers.
We see this in a number of areas; the issues range from knife crime to extremism and violence fixation.
Importantly, we have the stronger measures in the Online Safety Act 2023 to protect young people from seeing extreme violence and inappropriate material online, but it is also important for us to work with schools to prevent violence among young people, including violence in relationships.
Yesterday,  reported on the leaking of a report from the National Police Chiefs’ Council on the Leicester riots of 2022.
The report blamed Hindu extremism; however, during the riots, 105 Hindu homes were attacked, but no Muslim homes, and two Hindu temples were attacked, but no mosques.
Will the Minister ensure that the report is published, so that we can scrutinise it and ensure that the blame is put where it should be?
We take these matters very seriously.
I will look carefully at the details of the point that the hon.
Gentleman has made, and I am happy to discuss it with him further.
There has been a recent slew of successful European sting operations that have resulted in the arrest of prominent individuals involved in people-smuggling gangs.
Does the Minister agree that this highlights the crucial importance of international co-operation, and signals that Labour’s plan to smash the gangs is working?
Hard, tough cross-border policing takes time. [
Interruption.]
Conservative Members may laugh, but on a recent joint action day led by German and Belgian authorities, 500 German officers arrested targets and seized dozens of boats and engines, including some in warehouses targeted by the National Crime Agency.
On a joint action day led by German police earlier this month, there were seven arrests in eight raided locations,  and 90 dangerous life jackets were seized.
That demonstrates a momentum in joint working that will put pressure on the criminal gangs.
In the south-west last year, 77 police community support officers were taken off our streets; my local Avon and Somerset force accounted for 60 of them.
It said that the change was a direct result of lack of funding.
Will the Home Secretary agree to raise the matter with the Chancellor as a matter of urgency, so that we can put more money back into frontline policing?
An extra £1.2 billion is going into policing for the financial year starting tomorrow.
Obviously, past Governments must account for their failure to fund the police adequately.
When the Home Secretary visited Nuneaton to speak to local business owners, she heard from them directly about the problem of retail crime.
There was a glimmer of hope, because our town centre officer was having a big impact, but that role is now vacant.
Shops and other businesses say that retail crime is at an all-time high, with a 58% increase since January.
Now that Labour is putting more money into people’s pockets, what more can be done to ensure that it is safe for it to be spent in town centres?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the issue of town centre crime.