People across Lichfield, Burntwood and the surrounding villages in my constituency—and, I am sure, across the country—are sick and tired of off-road bikes being used inappropriately, antisocially and dangerously on our streets.
The worst example I have seen was somebody doing a wheelie on a quad bike at 40 mph on Eastern Avenue in Lichfield.
I reported that to the police and they are following it up as best they can, but they tell me that they need the new powers in the Bill.
Can the Secretary of State reassure me, my constituents and the rest of the country that this Government will continue to crack down on this problem and will not rest until our streets are safe for all road users?
I agree with my hon.
Friend and I am sorry to hear about the appalling incident he describes.
This is a challenge for us in many of our constituencies.
My constituents in Airedale and Chequerfield see the total nightmare of off-road bikes being driven deliberately to harass people.
If we have to wait for the police to give multiple warnings, they cannot take the swift action needed, which is why we need the change in the Bill.
My constituent Peter from Corfe Mullen has had numerous run-ins with e-scooters and off-road bikes.
What consideration is the Home Secretary giving to the redefinition of electric bike so that it is genuinely an electric bike?
The hon.
Member is right that there are many different forms and changes to the kinds of vehicles, bikes and scooters being used.
The legislation applies not just to off-road bikes, but more widely to vehicles being used antisocially.
That is important because the police need to be able to act swiftly and not end up having to try to chase and catch the same people again and again to take action.
Antisocial behaviour is a significant concern to my constituents, especially the nuisance caused by off-road bikes and e-scooters.
Last Friday, local officers specifically told me that they do not feel they have the power to pursue the riders of these bikes when they are in their patrol cars, with riders often taunting and even laughing at them because they know they cannot easily be caught.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that my local officers in Mansfield have the specific powers they need to stop those bikes and bring those terrorising our community to justice?
My hon.
Friend is right, and people in Mansfield should not be terrorised by deliberate harassment by people on off-road bikes.
That is why we are strengthening the law through the Crime and Policing Bill, but it is also why we support the work that some police forces are doing—for example, the work I have seen in Staffordshire where they were using drones to follow those on off-road bikes and make swift seizures or arrests.
At the weekend, I was speaking to residents of Braunstone Town, and many, particularly the elderly, were frightened by the use of off-road bikes and similar vehicles given the noises they make and the risk to pedestrians.
Will the Secretary of State assure me that the Government are taking the matter seriously and that they will empower local police forces to bring those driving the bikes to justice?
The hon.
Member makes an important point.
Often, particularly for older people, the way in which the bikes are used is just dangerous.
The deliberate ramping up of the noise to intimidate and scare people is disgraceful antisocial behaviour.
That is why we are increasing policing powers and why we want to work with policing on things like the drone use and other measures to tackle antisocial behaviour.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle mobile phone theft.
Street theft increased by more than 40% in the last year of the previous Government, largely due to soaring rates of snatch theft involving mobile phones.