Today we also announced that, since we came into government, we have returned more than 24,000 people who have no right to be here.
We have also tightened up the illegal working regulations to make certain that they apply across the board to the gig economy and to casual workers, too.
Since the Labour Government came to power, more than 30,000 people have entered our country illegally.
The Prime Minister says he is very angry about that, but he is not as angry as the British taxpayer, who has to fork out £1.2 billion a year to keep those illegal invaders in our country.
Does the Minister agree that anybody arriving here illegally should be detained and deported?
We have a duty to ensure that those arriving on our shores who claim asylum are properly processed.
The Conservatives prevented themselves from doing that by becoming obsessed with the Rwanda scheme and they left us with a huge backlog.
We will speed up immigration processing so that we can deal with those people, protect those who have a right to be here and send back those who have failed.
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will welcome the steep increase in returns and removals that I have just announced.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that it is not gimmicks such as Rwanda but international co-operation that will fundamentally deal with the illegal gangs who are facilitating crossings?
Is that not why we should welcome today’s summit, at which people are coming together to co-operate and to tackle those gangs?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
These criminals are cross-national, very sophisticated and operate across borders.
In order to respond properly, we have to do the same, and that is what today’s summit is helping us to co-ordinate.
What steps her Department is taking to support police forces in Gloucestershire.
Total funding for Gloucestershire police for 2025-26 will be up to £169.3 million, which is an increase of up to £11.2 million on last year and includes £1.5 million to kick-start the recruitment of additional neighbourhood police officers and police community support officers in Gloucestershire—to get those bobbies back on the beat in our local communities.
I thank the Minister for her response.
In 2015, Baroness May of Maidenhead, the then Home Secretary, accused police forces of “crying wolf” over funding cuts.
In the decade since, police services across the country, such as mine in Gloucestershire, have never truly recovered from her scandalous cuts to their numbers.
Gloucestershire constabulary is one of the worst funded in the country—the victim of an  unfit-for-purpose funding formula.
Last week, the chief constable announced 60 staff cuts as she battles with a £12 million deficit.
Will the Minister meet me and my chief constable to discuss those challenges?
Yes, of course I will.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
As the Minister has said, getting more bobbies on the beat in Gloucestershire and across the country is crucial to delivering the frontline policing that our communities deserve, but recent freedom of information figures show that more than 1,500 police officers are stuck on long-term sick leave, including 148 in my own Greater Manchester police force.
On the job, officers witness violent and traumatic events that can damage their mental health, but too many report being left without enough support.
What plans does the Minister have to ensure that mental health support is good enough in the police?
That is one of the ways to get officers fit for a return to work more quickly, to be part of restoring the proper community policing that our communities deserve.
The hon.
Lady raises a very important point about the wellbeing of police officers and police staff.
We have the police covenant, which is very important.