The western Balkans matters to the United Kingdom for so many reasons, and now more than ever given the war in Ukraine, so we must be an active player in promoting and supporting stability in the region.
I thank the shadow Foreign Secretary for her points.
I am glad she raised Lord Peach because that allows me to put on the record again my tribute to him for all his excellent work as the High Representative; it was a genuine pleasure to work alongside him.
I am also delighted that we now have Dame Karen Pierce, one of our most experienced diplomats, in the role.
She is already playing a crucial role across the region.
As I said, one of her very first visits was to Bosnia, because of the very issues that the shadow Foreign Secretary has outlined.
The right hon.
Lady asks what we are doing.
I have been very clear about the diplomatic efforts that we are taking across the region, working with partners and allies including the United States, the European Union  and members of the Quint.
We continue to work with partners and engage with regional partners, who are absolutely crucial to that stability.
The Foreign Secretary met Croatian Foreign Minister Radman on  24 March , and I spoke to Serbian Foreign Minister Marko Djuric on  27 March , as part of a regular series of engagements that we have been having, including through the Berlin process.
The right hon.
Lady will be pleased to know that we will now be hosting the Berlin process and that preparations for the summit are being led by Dame Karen Pierce.
I assure her that the Foreign Secretary and I have had extensive engagements with regional partners.
I was out in Serbia and Montenegro just a few weeks ago, and I intend to visit the region again soon.
The right hon.
Lady asked about the important role of NATO, alongside EUFOR.
I have referred to EUFOR already.
We continue to support Bosnia and Herzegovina’s aspirations for Euro-Atlantic integration, including NATO membership.
Through joint training of UK and Bosnia and Herzegovina armed forces and our support for reforms, we are helping it strengthen capabilities and enable alignment with NATO standards.
We are working to invest in and strengthen the capabilities of the Bosnia and Herzegovinian armed forces for peacekeeping operations.
Countries that export security are also more secure themselves.
We maintain offices at the NATO headquarters in Sarajevo.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
What we have seen from Russia—in Georgia, Moldova, Romania, the Baltic states and now playing out in the western Balkans—is nothing less than hybrid warfare.
Democracies are working hard together to stand strong and support Ukraine, but does the Minister agree that we need to put more effort into working with our allies in support of eastern Europe and the western Balkans, which are very much on the frontline?
My right hon.
Friend, the Chair of the Select Committee, rightly raises Russia’s malign actions not only in relation to its illegal and barbarous war in Ukraine, but across the whole of Europe and globally.
We continue to see a pattern of behaviour intended to hamper Euro-Atlantic aspirations, and exploit instability and division.
Recent attempts by Russia to divide the international community at the United Nations Security Council and in the OSCE have only further demonstrated the resoluteness of partners to work together to protect the territorial integrity of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
My right hon.
Friend’s work in the Committee on these issues is crucial.
We are also working closely with our allies and the European Union on these matters, in relation to not just the Balkans but locations such as Moldova.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
My former party leader, the late Lord Ashdown, regularly expressed his grave concerns about the fragility of the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina, drawing on his own experience as the country’s former High Representative.