We are also working with the National Police Chiefs’ Council on the next iteration of the rural and wildlife crime strategy.
Later this year we will implement the Equipment Theft (Prevention) Act 2023 and put the necessary secondary legislation in place.
Ahead of that, we will publish the Government’s response to the call for evidence on the scope of that legislation.
One of the less widely recognised rural crimes is the use of catapults to maim and kill wildlife.
Those weapons are also used in urban settings.
I know that the Home Office takes the view that the wildlife protection legislation and the police powers ought to be adequate to deal with that, but at the moment they patently are not.
Will the Minister consider reviewing that and possibly amending the Crime and Policing Bill to take account of it?
I am always happy to review legislation and ensure that it is fit for purpose.
I would be very happy to discuss that further with the right hon.
Gentleman.
What her policy is on the use of live facial recognition technology by police forces.
I thank the right hon.
Member for his interest in this subject and for the Westminster Hall debate that he secured last year.
I want to support the police to use live facial recognition safely while  balancing public safety and safeguarding individuals’ rights.
The Home Office invested over £3 million in 2024-25 to develop a small national live facial recognition capability by purchasing and equipping 10 mobile LFR units for deployment later this year.
I have been listening to stakeholders and will outline our plans in the coming months.
Although I recognise that the use of facial recognition technology can lead to more offenders being caught, does the Minister accept that deployment of a permanent network of fixed cameras across Croydon represents a significant escalation in their use, which makes it all the more important that a clear legislative framework governing their use is debated and approved by Parliament?
I fully accept that there is a need to consider live facial recognition.
At the moment the law governing the use of that technology comes from various different things—human rights and equalities legislation, and other measures—and we want to see whether that should be brought together.
That is why I have been having a series of meetings over the last few months.
As I said, we will set out our plans for live facial recognition in the coming months.
Harlow police department’s recent successful trial of facial recognition has led to some arrests.
Does the Minister agree that technology can play a vital part in tackling crime but cannot be a substitute for neighbourhood policing?
Yes, I agree with my hon.
Friend.
That is why we have committed to neighbourhood policing and 13,000 additional police officers and PCSOs on all our high streets and in communities up and down the land.
Whether she has received legal advice on the compatibility of recent changes to her Department’s guidance entitled “Good character: caseworker guidance”, updated on 10 February 2025, with the 1951 refugee convention.
The hon.
Member will know that we take our international obligations very seriously.
We are satisfied that the good character policy is compliant with those obligations.
We have strengthened our policy to make it clear that anyone who enters the UK illegally, including small boat arrivals, will normally be refused British citizenship.
The good character assessment has been a feature of UK immigration law since 1981 and there has never been any suggestion, either now or in the past, that it is inconsistent with our obligations under the refugee convention or any other treaty.