We are satisfied that the good character policy is compliant with those obligations.
We have strengthened our policy to make it clear that anyone who enters the UK illegally, including small boat arrivals, will normally be refused British citizenship.
The good character assessment has been a feature of UK immigration law since 1981 and there has never been any suggestion, either now or in the past, that it is inconsistent with our obligations under the refugee convention or any other treaty.
One of the most shocking and egregious things this Government have done is impose a blanket ban on British citizenship for all individuals who have entered the UK irregularly, without any parliamentary scrutiny or public consultation, effectively disenfranchising  all asylum seekers and refugees, including those who have made this country their home for years.
The Refugee Council estimates that up to 71,000 refugees who have already been granted asylum could now be blocked from securing naturalisation.
The Minister knows that there are no safe routes to get to the UK, so nearly all asylum seekers have to arrive irregularly.
Surely the policy clearly breaches article 31 of the 1951 refugee convention, which prohibits penalising those seeking protection for their mode of entry? [
Interruption.]
Order.
All Members should be respectful and mindful of their language at all times.
Now we need to hear the Minister respond.
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
He will know that we explained when making the changes that each citizenship application will continue to be considered on a case-by-case basis, and that the Secretary of State may choose to apply discretion to grant citizenship on an exceptional basis where there has been particularly exceptional or mitigating circumstances, such as modern slavery.
What steps she is taking to help tackle people smuggling.
The Government are today playing host to law enforcement counterparts from across the globe to discuss our joint response to organised immigration crime.
The UK is not only hosting that summit but leading the way in its response to this appalling, evil trade, including through new powers introduced in the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill, which I note the Conservative party voted against.
I thank the Minister for that response and welcome the increased co-operation with allies on this vital issue.
It is critical that we stop the dangerous crossings, but without tackling the problem at its source, with aid to tackle famine and conflict and by providing safe legal routes, do we not risk the crisis continuing?
How will the Minister work with colleagues across Government to address those factors to ensure that we tackle the crisis fully?
The summit is dealing with source countries.
We are looking at how we can co-operate with countries all the way along the routes used by smuggling gangs to ensure that the right messages, rather than very slick organised immigration gang advertising, are conveyed.
People smugglers do not just put the immigration system in jeopardy; they exploit the vulnerable and they put lives in danger.
There is nothing progressive about allowing the vulnerable to be exploited by these smugglers.
Does the Minister agree that we should be straining every sinew to crack down on these gangs and can she update us on her meetings today on this topic?
I agree strongly with my hon.
Friend and that is why today’s immigration summit, where 40 countries will be co-operating and attending, is such an important event.
Today we also announced that, since we came into government, we have returned more than 24,000 people who have no right to be here.
We have also tightened up the illegal working regulations to make certain that they apply across the board to the gig economy and to casual workers, too.
Since the Labour Government came to power, more than 30,000 people have entered our country illegally.