We will need to go through those areas in serious detail.
Finally, it is important that the Bill talks about the impact of climate, biodiversity and nature on each other.
I pick up on what the right hon.
Member for Herne Bay and Sandwich— the grandfather of the House, as he styled himself—said about Drax.
We are going down the wrong road with Drax.
I understand the reasons why: Drax power station provides 4% of UK electricity in the power sector.
It seen as an important area, so the question is, if we take it away, how will we fill it?
But we cannot allow the damage to old growth and to virgin forests that we know is happening in Canada.
More than that, as has been said by the noble Lord Birt, who has also seen some of the whistleblowers’ accounts, as I have, those accounts make it clear that the Ofgem investigation was correct in saying that the sustainability of the feedstock had been not only misreported but deliberately misreported.
That means that the people concerned in Drax are not fit and proper to run the company, and we should not be paying them—at the moment—£9 billion.
We have now to decide whether we will subsidise that even further.
The impact on biodiversity is disastrous, and although they say it is renewable, it is not within the timeframe to meet the 2050 climate target.
It is salient that the previous Secretary of State, after she ceased to be the Secretary of State, said, “We knew all along that this was not sustainable.”
If that is the case, perhaps she should have done something when she was Secretary of State, but it is this Government who must now act to ensure that no further subsidy is paid to Drax.
I rise in support of the Bill.
As a co-sponsor, I congratulate  the hon.
Member for South Cotswolds (Dr Savage)  for not just introducing the Bill but the way in which she introduced it.
Echoing  the hon.
Member for Brent West (Barry Gardiner) , I congratulate my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Herne Bay and Sandwich (Sir Roger Gale)  on what was a truly outstanding speech.
As a number of people have referenced, we only have temporary hold of our planet, so let’s start with a good old biblical quote, Genesis 3:19:
“for dust you are and to dust you shall return.”
We have only the lightest of steps on our planet, and we need to remind ourselves of that.
The arrogance that, as the apex species, we have taken on our shoulders—the idea that we can do anything and some brainbox somewhere will find a way of ameliorating or attenuating it at some point, so it does not matter, should be part of historical political thinking.
In that respect,  the hon.
Member for Norwich South (Clive Lewis)  was absolutely correct.
I want to speak to my colleagues and my party and to those who would describe themselves as centre-right in the political spectrum.
Conservatives conserve.
We are and have been champions of a notion of handing things on to successor generations.
That must mean, in today’s parlance, not just physical capital of pounds, shillings and pence and of assets, but natural capital.
My party has a proud and innovative track record on these issues.
It was Geoffrey Howe’s early 1980s Budget, in response to the issues of acid rain, that, through the carrot and stick policy, sought to make unleaded petrol cheaper than four-star, thereby driving people—another pun, I am afraid—to have catalytic converters.
My noble friend John Gummer introduced the landfill tax, and the first hypothecated environmental tax in our country.
It was a Conservative Government who introduced the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981, and a Conservative Government who put through the environment Acts of 1986, 1995 and 2021.
The Clean Air Act 1956 was introduced by a Conservative Government.