Friend for making that point.
She knows a lot about the subject, and she is correct that it is a landmark deal.
It is particularly beneficial for Derby.
As she said, there are many skills there already, but the Nuclear Skills Academy will be creating 200 apprenticeships and opportunities a year for young people to get into nuclear skills.
Of course, those are transferable skills that are relevant not only on the military side but on the civil side, which will give young people with those skills great opportunities in life.
That is one of the most important parts of the deal.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I welcome this announcement of the UK’s new Unity contract with Rolls-Royce Submarines.
This £9 billion investment will create 1,000 new jobs in the industry, and this sort of investment represents a boost for not only our national security but communities across the UK.
It is right that we celebrate this success for British industry and its skilled workforce.
However, while we welcome this development, the Government must go further to create the stability and certainty that businesses need to thrive.
Long-term growth requires an industrial strategy that incentivises investment in ethical, inclusive new technologies such as artificial intelligence and clean energy.
We must position the UK as a global leader in these sectors, so that we tackle the climate crisis while creating good jobs and driving economic growth.
Furthermore, we urge the Government to work in closer partnership with businesses of all sizes.
Small and medium-sized enterprises are vital to the defence supply chain, yet too often they are left out of the major procurement processes.
What are the Government doing to ensure that SMEs are included in the MOD procurement process?
We also want to unlock British businesses’ global potential by bringing down trade barriers and building stronger relationships with our closest trading partners, including by fixing our broken relationship with Europe.
Universal liberal principles are at the core of what we believe as Liberal Democrats, not least among them internationalism, human rights, the pursuit of peace and the rule of law.
That is why we continue to champion the liberal, rules-based international order, which provides a strong basis for multilateral co-operation to address the world’s biggest problems.
The Liberal Democrats believe in a policy of pursuing global disarmament.
However, in the meantime, and in the light of all the current threats, we call on the Government to maintain a minimum credible nuclear deterrent and maintain the current posture of continuous at-sea deterrence.
I urge the Government to rebuild trust with our European allies.
Our security is inseparable from Europe’s, and we must work towards a UK-EU defence and security agreement.
Recent agreements with Germany are promising, but they must be a starting point for deeper co-operation.
What steps are being taken to strengthen the AUKUS partnership with the United States and Australia, particularly in the light of concerns about potential shifts in US foreign policy?
National security and economic growth—
Order.
The Liberal Democrat spokeswoman will be aware that she is allocated two minutes, which she has already exceeded significantly.
I welcome the hon.
Lady’s support for the deal and for our continuous at-sea deterrent; that has not always been the Liberal Democrats’ position, so I welcome the fact that consensus has increased in this House.
The point that the hon.
Lady made about enabling SMEs to get involved in the defence supply chain is tremendously important.
We are currently consulting on the defence industrial strategy, and I am particularly keen to ensure we take steps to make that better, because  the potential for innovation, agility and pull-through of new technologies is tremendous.
I invite her to contribute to the consultation and to watch out for the defence industrial strategy when it is published.
I very much welcome this statement.
As  the hon.
Member for Epsom and Ewell (Helen Maguire)  said, we need SMEs to support our defence sector.