I spoke to the group recently and, by chance, bumped into them on the train into London this morning.
When I was their age, I was blissfully ignorant of the looming environmental crisis: they do not have that luxury.
They, and the rest of their generation, will face the consequences of our choice here today.
I want to be able to look into their eyes after today’s debate and feel proud that this House rose to the challenge, that we did what was necessary, rather than what was politically expedient, and that we pledged to protect their future.
What is in the Climate and Nature Bill?
The Bill has been drafted by world-leading climate scientists, ecologists and conservationists, and aims to deliver an integrated plan to tackle the twin climate and nature crises.
It would bring massive benefits for local communities, including my constituents in the South Cotswolds: improving the air we breathe; giving us clean water to drink, swim and row in; revitalising local populations of cherished wildlife, such as voles, otters, kingfishers and shrews; and providing cheap energy bills, warmer homes, green jobs, better food and happier lives.
The Bill would create a joined-up strategy for the UK to tackle the interconnected climate and nature crises together.
It is the only proposed or actual piece of legislation to create the link between the UK’s responses to climate change and nature loss.
We cannot solve one without tackling the other.
We risk making each crisis worse if they are tackled in silos, so the Bill supports a whole-of-Government approach to prevent the issues becoming siloed.
Everything in nature is connected with everything else in nature, but sadly not everything in Government is connected with everything else in Government, but it needs to be.
Housing, transport and even health are inter-related with climate and nature, so we need a strategy that transcends departmental boundaries.
The CAN Bill would enshrine international commitments made by the UK into national legislation to cut emissions and to restore nature by 2030, as outlined in the global biodiversity framework.
The Bill would bring the UK public along with that agenda via a climate and nature   assembly, which is key to ensuring that all voices from across our country are heard, enabling workers to transition to low-carbon jobs and ensuring vulnerable communities are protected.
It provides for a fair and just transition that does not come at the expense of the rest of the world.
For centuries Britian prospered by exploiting resources overseas: animal, vegetable, mineral and human.
The Bill requires the accounting for our environmental footprint to be honest, taking into account the carbon emissions and impacts on nature that are incurred overseas in producing the goods and services that we enjoy.
It is disingenuous to offshore most of our manufacturing, and then congratulate ourselves for having reduced our environmental impact.
I am delighted to say that the Bill has a long history of being supported by the party now in government.
I trust that their ecological concern while in opposition has survived their transition into power, as they are now in a position to act on their pledges.
Labour Members may try to tell us that His Majesty’s Government are already doing everything that is in the Bill, but looking at the metrics, we are still far adrift of where we need to be.
Ultimately, our future will not be determined by our strategies and intentions—nature cares only about results.
The Office for Environmental Protection recently published its progress report on the Government’s environmental improvement plan.
It found that the Government are largely off track in achieving their legal environmental commitments.
I acknowledge that this Government have been in power for less than seven months, so I do not hold them entirely responsible for that state of affairs.
But I struggle to see how expanding our airports by approving two new runways will help them get back on track.