I want to talk about something that we in this place still do not quite get: the interconnectedness between climate and nature.
The hon.
Member for South Cotswolds discussed that very well, and I want to tease it out a bit further.
Many of us now see tackling the climate crisis as an economic opportunity.
I understand that, and there is a lot of mileage in it.
However, it is quite possible to tackle the climate crisis—to build solar farms and wind farms, and do all the things that decarbonise—yet still kill the biodiversity of the planet.
It is entirely  possible to do both.
Now that many of us in this place understand the climate crisis, we have to ensure that we also understand the nature and biodiversity crisis.
In my constituency of Norwich South, we had something called the western link, which was a massive road that was going to go through an ancient woodland.
I do not want to give the hon.
Member a lesson in geography, but he will recognise that the western link road is in my constituency and not his.
Obviously, I like to expand the borders of Norwich South as far as possible.
I will caveat that by saying that it is a big issue in my constituency and many of my constituents will use that road if it is ever built, which hopefully it will not be.
I have opposed it, as have many people, and it may no longer be built because of public pressure.
That example is instructive, because we were told that if we wanted economic growth in Norfolk, it was necessary to build the road.
I was invited down to the ancient woodland, and yes, there were bats there.
I know that the proposed carbon offsetting would have meant the planting of tens of thousands of new saplings to replace the ancient woodland, which would have ensured that the carbon sequestration took place and that we could still hit our climate targets.
However, I went down there and saw a flint axe head.
I saw an ancient oak woodland that had been there for tens of thousands, possibly hundreds of thousands, of years.
The complex biodiversity that was there—the insects, the birds, the mycelium networks underneath the ground—was beautiful.
I could feel how old it was, and it was going to be bulldozed over and replaced with tens of thousands of saplings somewhere else in Norfolk.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
No, I will make some progress.
At that point, I understood that it is entirely possible for us to hit our climate targets as we rip up and destroy a 10,000 or 50,000-year-old woodland.
At that moment, I realised that I could never allow the road to be built.
We can look at the Amazon forest and campaign about what should not be happening there, but what about our own backyards?
There is a question for the Government —my Government or any Government—about growth: what kind of growth do we want?
No one is answering that question.
Do we want sustainable growth?
What is growth about?
What are we growing?
Are we growing pollution in our rivers?
Are we growing roads that go through ancient woodlands?
Yes, that is growth, but is it the growth we want?
Do we not want to see growth in well-paid adult social care or renewable technology?
Do we not want to see growth in rewilding or sustainable farming?
Those are the areas where I want to see economic growth.
I do not want to see growth that comes at the cost of my daughter and her generation’s future.
That is the kind of decision that we in this country and this Government have to make.
I am afraid to say that we cannot have growth on a dead planet.
Politicians need to understand that; for too long, we have not.