Defending the country is clearly the first duty of any Government.
My hon.
Friend will have noted from the statement of intent in respect of our defence industrial strategy that one of our key aims is to build more in Britain and to improve British jobs and economic growth through the money that we spend on our defence, and I think that that is a win-win.
This deal is absolutely the right thing to do, and I very much welcome the Minister’s commitment to our continuous at-sea deterrent, which has not always received universal support on the Labour Benches.
My hon.
Friend the shadow Secretary of State asked the Minister a very clear question about how she sees this underpinning the AUKUS deal for the long term, but unless my hearing is even worse than I thought, I am not sure that she gave a clear commitment in that regard.
May I give her another opportunity to make absolutely clear this Government’s commitment to AUKUS and this deal’s central role in its long-term future?
I was attempting to answer a great many questions from the shadow Defence Secretary and did not reach that one, so the hon.
Gentleman is right to raise it with me again.
The deal enables us to boost production and the capacity that we need in order to deliver SSN-AUKUS as a follow-on from our Dreadnought submarines.
Without it, we would be in much more difficulty in ensuring that we can do everything that we need to do on time to deliver those commitments.
It is essential to the delivery of our AUKUS commitment, as it is to the delivery of our own continuous at-sea nuclear deterrent.
Like many people from Gateshead, I am proud to say that I come from a long line of people working in the defence manufacturing industry.
Can the Minister assure me that this deal, and other defence manufacturing deals, will benefit those in all the nations and regions of the country, especially Gateshead?
Yes, I can assure my hon.
Friend of that.
This is the biggest deal that Rolls-Royce has ever signed.
It is a long-term commitment between the Government and Rolls-Royce.
It increases efficiency and resilience, creates jobs, and makes savings.
These are virtuous circles, and if we can achieve them in other parts of our defence spending, they will benefit the entire nation and all the regions within it.
Immediately before the Minister came to the House, we were debating environmental protections to secure our country and the future of our globe.
In the spirit of unity, will the Minister agree that there is little point in talking about environmental protections and security without also securing our world through robust defence spending?
There is nothing worse for the environment and humanity than war, and we need to invest in defence in order to secure our globe and to secure this country.
In the spirit of unity—that pun is becoming a bit wearing, but I have just used it, too—I very much agree that the foundation of security and deterrence is a key part of us being able to advance as a nation.
Without that security, we cannot secure any of our public services or our way of life.
Today’s announcement will help deliver long-term growth, boost British industry, and create and support thousands of skilled jobs.
Can my right hon.
Friend confirm that a key ambition of our defence industrial strategy will be to deliver jobs in every nation and region, and indeed in smaller towns such as Rugby, where GE Vernova is doing fine work to support the Royal Navy with advanced hybrid electric propulsion technology for the Royal Fleet Auxiliary’s frontline fleet?
Yes, I can confirm that.
MOD spending already supports over 200,000 jobs directly, and many more besides, and my hon.
Friend has set out an example from his constituency.