Yes, I can confirm that.
MOD spending already supports over 200,000 jobs directly, and many more besides, and my hon.
Friend has set out an example from his constituency.
The defence industrial strategy will aim to create jobs in every nation and region of this country.
I thank the Minister for a very positive statement—it is always good to have positive statements, and today is one of those occasions.
It is great news to hear of the wonderful investment, which is needed to shore up not only defence but our manufacturing industry.
Looking at the job allocation, I see that there are 800 jobs for Derby in England, and 200 for Glasgow in Scotland and Cardiff in Wales.
I have no doubt whatsoever about the Minister’s commitment to job creation, but will she outline how the Government will ensure that businesses and factories in Northern Ireland can be involved in the supply or provision of parts?
Particularly, will she outline whether the skills of Harland and Wolff can be utilised in fulfilment of the contract, and whether UK-wide involvement was a stipulation of the deal with Rolls-Royce?
The hon.
Gentleman, as ever, is fighting for his constituents.
He makes some good points about Harland and Wolff and skills.
We do have defence contracts based at Harland and Wolff, and I will be visiting Belfast in due course—I will not give him the  exact date, but it is soon—in order to galvanise and understand what is available, particularly in the SME community, in Northern Ireland.
I look forward perhaps to talking to him about that at the time.
Today’s announcement is a fantastic boost to British industry and British manufacturing.
In my constituency we have a proud history of supporting our national security.
What steps will the Minister be taking in the defence industrial strategy to support local economic growth in constituencies such as mine in west Wales?
My hon.
Friend is right that there is great potential for economic growth in all of our nations and regions, and in every one of our constituencies, in respect of the extra spending that the MOD is now able to offer to keep our nations safe.
I am sure that he has SMEs in his constituency that can benefit from defence contracts if we can make it easier for them to engage with defence, which is one of the problems that they all tell me they have at present.
As the final word comes back to the east midlands, I thank the Minister for her hard work.
Many of my constituents in Rushcliffe work for Rolls-Royce and will wholeheartedly welcome the announcement today.
Could the Minister briefly explain how skills development will link to the evolving defence industrial strategy, and how she will work with our fantastic Mayor of the East Midlands, Claire Ward, to maximise the opportunities for our region?
My hon.
Friend is right that skills are key, which is why this deal has established a defence nuclear skills academy to ensure that 200 apprentices a year can benefit from gaining those skills.
I have no doubt that long-term partnerships with defence industries will enable us to do that on a broader scale.
The defence industrial strategy will be a key part of giving that confidence to companies that it is the right time to invest in skills.
I thank the Minister for her statement.
While the Ministers switch places, I inform Members that we are going to return to the Climate and Nature Bill.
Proceedings resumed.
As I was saying—[Laughter.]
I was tempted to scare the House by saying, “Having concluded my opening remarks,” but I think I had better not.
If I may, I will address directly the Minister on the Treasury Bench,  the hon.
Member for Coventry East (Mary Creagh) .
I want to do so sincerely, because I like and admire her enormously, and I hope she knows that.