It found that the Government are largely off track in achieving their legal environmental commitments.
I acknowledge that this Government have been in power for less than seven months, so I do not hold them entirely responsible for that state of affairs.
But I struggle to see how expanding our airports by approving two new runways will help them get back on track.
The OEP assessment shows that on their current trajectory the Government will meet only four of their 40 environmental targets.
The “State of Nature” report 2023 showed that nearly one in six species are at risk of being lost from Great Britian, and the UK now has less than half its biodiversity remaining.
Out of the wildlife habitats assessed, only one in seven were found to be in good condition.
Only one in 14 woodlands and a quarter of peatlands were in good ecological state.
None of the seafloor around the UK was in good condition.
Just 44% of woodland is sustainably managed, and only half of fish stocks are sustainably harvested.
It is my view that the Government need to prioritise three things.
The first is support for nature-friendly farming.
Around 70% of land in England is used for agriculture.
Supporting farmers to manage their land in a nature-friendly way will deliver significant environmental improvement at scale.
The key stewards of our landscape for hundreds of years have been our farmers: no one has done more to make our countryside as beautiful as it is or has a bigger stake in protecting its health for the future.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the path to net zero and sustainable local food production lies through our farming community, with the support provided by the Bill?
If we are to get the best from  our farmers, it is time to use rather more carrots and fewer sticks.
I wholeheartedly agree with my hon.
Friend.
Reports by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs show that nature-friendly farming schemes can be a major pathway for first halting, and then reversing, the decline in species abundance, as well as delivering the majority of habitat creation needed to meet the UK Government’s nature and climate targets.
My hon.
Friend is making a powerful speech, and I congratulate her on bringing forward this important legislation.
Like many farms in Glastonbury and Somerton, Camel Hill farm’s focus on regenerative farming has improved soil quality and nature loss.
However, the farming budget has seen a real-term funding cut after inflation since 2007, leaving farmers trying to restore nature with reduced support.
Order.
If we are to get Members in—we all see how many are present in the Chamber—interventions will have to be short and not pre-prepared speeches.
There is plenty of time for those who have put their names down to speak.
Members should not use up the time of the hon.
Member for South Cotswolds for her opening.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her intervention, and applaud her for her work as an effective spokesperson on behalf of the farming community.
Indeed, she pre-empted what I was about to say.
Farmers should be properly rewarded for restoring soils, planting hedgerows and reducing pesticide use, with an expanded nature-friendly farming budget at the upcoming comprehensive spending review.
They need a clear long-term strategy from the Government so that they are able to plan and invest accordingly.
I commend the hon.
Lady for bringing this Bill forward.
Does she recognise that the sustainable farming incentive is moving to rewarding farmers who are further towards the bottom of the scale, rather than at the high end of it as we would wish to see?
To reward farmers for rotation of crops, for example, seems to be going back to the 18th century rather than ensuring a high level of stewardship.
My understanding, as a non-farmer, is that crop rotation is an effective way to regenerate soil.