That is the kind of decision that we in this country and this Government have to make.
I am afraid to say that we cannot have growth on a dead planet.
Politicians need to understand that; for too long, we have not.
We cannot pick growth out of the air  and say, “Biodiversity will come in second place; climate will come after.”
They are all interlinked.
We cannot have a viable economy unless the climate and nature of our country and the economy are working well together in unity and in synthesis.
That is what needs to happen.
I agree with the hon.
Member’s point about the kind of growth we want.
Does he agree that if the Government were to proceed with expanding Luton airport, as rumours suggest, that would fly in the face of advice from the Government’s own climate experts and economists, who say that it would not deliver the kind of growth that airport expansion used to deliver?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her intervention, and that was a great pun—“fly in the face.”
This decision has not been taken.
I, for one, do not believe that it is compatible to have expansion of aviation at these four airports: London, which has already been agreed, Luton, Gatwick and Heathrow.
Choices need to be made here.
Many of my constituents cannot afford to fly.
Everyone wants to see their constituents benefit from the economy, and if we go down that path of expansion, we will be heading in the wrong direction.
There will be many Members on both the Government and the Opposition Benches who do not want to see that.
I believe that expanding Heathrow is incompatible with having a genuine approach to biodiversity and climate.
The Climate Change Committee has already stated, before we even get to the seventh carbon budget, that this should not happen.
We will need to have a very hard, honest conversation about that.
I do not think it should happen.
I pay tribute to  the hon.
Member for South Cotswolds (Dr Savage)  for bringing forward the Bill, and to all the academics and campaigners behind it.
Listening to the debate, I think the one point we need to draw out is that we need robust scrutiny, and we need to be able to hold Government to account through tighter mechanisms.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that it is crucial that the mechanisms in the Bill are expedited, to ensure that Government get on with achieving the targets that we have all been talking about?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that contribution, and indeed for the work she has done on climate and nature throughout her political career.
Of course I agree.
Everyone understands that in government, there are pressures on Ministers—there are pressures from the Treasury, from business and from vested interests, many of them big and powerful, with big PR and the ability to lobby Ministers in ways that our constituents cannot and in ways that nature cannot.
Squirrels, bats and newts cannot lobby like BlackRock and others who want economic growth and profit.
This needs to be locked in and legislated for; that is what the Bill is all about.
There are organisations and individuals—billionaires —who have benefited very much from the last 50 or 60 years of rapacious growth and wealth building.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I need to conclude, because I believe other Members want to take part.
We have to understand that there are people who have done very well from this growth.
The problem with growth is this: when we get GDP growth in unequal societies, and we bulldoze over beautiful woodland forests and expand airports—
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I will make progress.
When we get that GDP growth in deeply unequal societies, it is those in the top 1% or top 5% who accrue the benefits.