The Second Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No.
3 ).
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
163 ).
A Division was called.
Division off.
Question negatived.
Second Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
The Climate and Nature Bill has been four years in the making.
The enormous amount of support that it has garnered from campaigners, trade unions, scientists, faith leaders, non-governmental organisations, businesses and especially young people means that it is both an honour and an enormous responsibility to set out what it entails, what it adds to existing law and why I believe it addresses the most important existential challenge of our generation: the intertwined climate and nature crises.
This country has signed up to various international commitments, but we still have work to do to fully connect them to real and measurable action.
We need to close the ambition gap between what is needed and what is promised, and the delivery gap between what is promised and what is actually happening.
That is what the Bill aims to do, because too many metrics are still heading in the wrong direction.
It is important, as the hon.
Lady has underlined, that we move forward together.
She has not mentioned the National Farmers Union.
Can she reassure me and others in the House that the National Farmers Union, and the Ulster Farmers Union in Northern Ireland, are happy with the Bill and accept the impact that its proposals will have on them?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his intervention.
I would be delighted to have that conversation with representatives of the NFU in Northern Ireland and to reassure them on that point.
As an environmental campaigner for the past 22 years, it has sometimes been easy for me to fall into doomism.
Wild fires have ravaged Los Angeles, floods have devastated Valencia and the recently elected leader of the free world is urging us to “drill, baby, drill” in the name of making America great again, but I do not believe that   doomism is helpful.
Yes, the best time to take bold action on climate and nature would have been 50 years ago, but the second best time is now.
The Bill is very ambitious for a private Member’s Bill, but not ambitious enough for a climate and nature Bill.
It is not trying to be over-ambitious or pretending to be a silver bullet, but it aspires to answer the question: from where we are now, what is the right next step to take?
The Bill’s guiding principle is that we have a duty to be good ancestors.
Now that we know what we know about the impact that human activity is having on the liveability of our planet, how do we strike the right balance between present and future thriving?
How do we ensure that we are not stealing health, wealth and wellbeing from generations not yet born?
While we enrich our lives, how do we ensure we do not impoverish future lives?
What do we want our legacy to be—a world with a strip mine next to a rubbish tip next to a shopping mall, or a world with clean air and drinkable rivers, regenerated soils and vibrant oceans, teeming with wildlife and alive with birdsong?
As I speak, I am looking around to spot my three young friends in the Gallery—Polly, Amber and Bobby from Gloucestershire youth climate group.
I spoke to the group recently and, by chance, bumped into them on the train into London this morning.
When I was their age, I was blissfully ignorant of the looming environmental crisis: they do not have that luxury.
They, and the rest of their generation, will face the consequences of our choice here today.