Friend said that he had never seen a private Member’s Bill that was perfect and beyond amendment; I have to say to him that in my nearly 10 years in this place, I have yet to see a Government Bill that could be described as perfect and without the possibility of improvement by amendment.
I say to my right hon.
and hon.
Friends: let us not sacrifice the good in pursuit of the excellent.
We have to make progress.
Are many of the issues addressed by the Bill difficult?
Yes, but what do we all usually say to our children? “
Things which are difficult are usually much more worthwhile seeking to attain than the easy, low-hanging fruit.”
Will the Bill come with costs?
Let us be frank: we must all be conscious that we have come through or are coming through a cost of living crisis, and inflation has eroded people’s ability to spend and fuel costs are high.
But to those who simplistically say, “Well, we can’t afford to do this; now is not the right time in the economic cycle,” I say, with the greatest of politeness: if not now, when?
I do not believe that we can afford not to do this.
Failure to do so would be the longest suicide note in history for our species.
On our coastline, there are places that are built below sea level—one thinks of Canvey Island—so this is not just something that is happening elsewhere, about which we should be slightly anxious but not at all concerned.
Rising sea levels and other changes will affect us here at home as well.
We need to be careful in our consideration of that.
For those who claim a driving concern about the need to control immigration, I say in all sincerity that I do not believe that one can divorce from that addressing the changes to our planet that climate change is introducing, as it will be a major spur for fellow members of our species to pack up their belongings, meagre or otherwise, and try to find a place of safety for themselves and their families, where they are able to grow a bit of food and sustain their lifestyles, meagre as they may be.
To those who say, “Hang on a moment, our emissions are not too bad, and we’ve got to look to China and everybody else,” I say: pollution does not respect  international boundaries.
It moves on the tides and the winds.
We have lulled ourselves into a false sense of security, because, in essence, we have exported the production of many of our commodities—needed, desired and wanted—overseas.
We have said, “Look, our manufacturing emissions have gone down,” but the production of those products is still creating emissions elsewhere.
There are some noble aims in the Bill that we should think about.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
To my neighbour from West Dorset?
Of course.
I thank my Dorset neighbour for giving way.
As always, I find myself agreeing with a lot of what he says, not least on the cost of inaction being far greater than the cost of action.
He makes many good points about the fact that we have outsourced our carbon emissions to places far away, but does he agree that we often fail to sell the opportunities around tackling climate change, especially for British businesses, such as those provided by tidal and wave technologies?
We should celebrate those opportunities.
The Government talk about growth; there is so much opportunity for growth in this sector, and we should do more.
This is getting rather worrying, because I agree with the hon.
Gentleman.
Either he is doing harm to his political career or I am doing harm to what might be left of mine.
I shall leave it to my hon.
Friend the shadow Deputy Chief Whip to jot that down in his little red book.