I have never enjoyed a speech by  the right hon.
Member for Herne Bay and Sandwich (Sir Roger Gale)  as much as the one he has just delivered; he did not bore the House in any way.
I pay tribute to  the hon.
Member for South Cotswolds (Dr Savage)  for introducing the Bill; it has had a very long gestation, involving many Members on both sides of the House, but it is good that it has cross-party support.
Indeed, the first thing I want to focus on is the importance of cross-party support.
These issues had cross-party support in the House for many years following the Climate Change Act 2008, and that continued until about 2015.
That was tremendously important in the progress that not only we but the world were able to make.
People saw that it was possible for Parliament to come together and do things that were considered radical to tackle climate change.
Latterly, unfortunately, that consensus has broken down somewhat, and it is important—it is the duty of all Members of the House—to try to repair that consensus and to build on it.
Unless we do, we will face the sort of future that the hon.
Lady and the right hon.
Member for Herne Bay and Sandwich outlined.
I am conscious that many people want to speak in the debate, so I will pick up quickly on just three issues in the Bill.
First, clause 2(2) states:
“The strategy must include annual interim targets consistent with the achievement of the objectives”.
Those objectives are the climate and nature targets, and it is great that the Bill makes the link between the two; that is fundamentally important.
However, I want to counsel against annual targets in this regard.
As we know—it is well documented in the OEP report that the hon.
Lady referred to, as well as in the Climate Change Committee’s reports—there is natural fluctuation annually in what happens around us.
Sometimes that is because of the El Niño effect, and sometimes it is for other reasons—nobody in the House will be more familiar with the El Niño effect on the oceans than the hon.
Lady.
It is important that we understand that sometimes an annual target, to be consistent with the five-year targets and the overall long-term target, will look like it is going backwards.
We need to look at that very carefully in the Bill.
Another issue I want to pick up on is clause 3, on the establishment of the climate and nature assembly.
In the last Parliament, six Select Committees came together to convene a people’s assembly on the climate.
That was a wonderful moment for the House, because instead of our telling the people, “This is what you have to do,” the people were telling us, “This is what we want you to do on our behalf.”
It was really important that that took place, and it is great that the hon.
Lady has included that measure in the Bill.
I gently point out, however, that the climate assembly disagreed with some of the things that the Committee on Climate Change told us were essential to do.
The 66% figure in the clause is actually quite a low threshold.
Sometimes the report from the climate assembly was clear that people were not prepared to go as far as the Committee on Climate Change and other nature organisations, such as the Joint Nature Conservation Committee, believed was imperative.
On who is in charge, there is a failure to connect things up, because the clause says that if something is recommended by 66% of the assembly, it must be included in the strategy.
We will need to go through those areas in serious detail.
Finally, it is important that the Bill talks about the impact of climate, biodiversity and nature on each other.
I pick up on what the right hon.