Transport has the biggest gap of all sectors between confirmed policy and the emissions reductions needed.
We need to improve public transport, reduce bus fares, increase provision for walking and cycling, and decarbonise the freight sector.
Much more needs to be done on buildings and clean heat, too.
In the Budget, the Chancellor pledged an initial £3.4 billion towards household energy efficiency and heat decarbonisation, but the current warm homes plan falls short of the pace and scale needed.
A strong future homes standard needs to be introduced this year, mandating technologies such as solar photovoltaic, as per the New Homes (Solar Generation) Bill—the sunshine Bill—introduced by my Gloucestershire neighbour, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson) .
I commend the hon.
Member for what she is doing with the Bill.
When talking about the future of housing and properties, we often focus on energy and water.
Does she agree that it is important to focus on rainwater harvesting and what can be done in that sense, too?
I very much agree with the hon.
Gentleman that the right thing to do is to be much more intelligent in our use of water, which will reduce the demand for clean water and reduce run-off from rainfall, which is becoming increasingly heavy as climate change kicks in.
The most significant addition that the Climate and Nature Bill would make to the existing strategy is its joined-up approach.
Of the words in its title, perhaps the most important is “and”.
Many people are aware that a changing climate is damaging nature.
The wildfires in California this year have claimed millions of trees and thousands of homes.
We see expanding deserts, melting ice caps and British moorlands on fire.
We see natural cycles getting out of sync, so that newly hatched birds, insects and amphibians no longer find their favourite foods available when they need them.
We are less aware of how the loss of nature, the cutting down of forests, the warming of the oceans and intensive agriculture affect climate.
It is a two-way relationship.
Forests, oceans and soils are some of our most effective allies for natural carbon capture and sequestration.
Healthy soil, along with trees, re-wiggled rivers and water meadows, helps to mitigate flooding and run-off, which are on the increase with ever more intense rainfall.
Nature’s ability to perform this moderating role and regulate climate is being compromised by the rate at which we are destroying it.
We are damaging nature’s capacity to self-regulate by killing, reducing, polluting and compromising natural ecosystems.
Activities such as deep-sea mining threaten to make extinct species that we have not even discovered yet—species that we may one day find to be enormously useful to humanity.
We often hear that the UK is one of the most nature-depleted countries in the world. “
Nature-depleted” is a rather sterile phrase.
What does it actually mean?
Many of the alarming stats on nature use 1970 as a baseline—just a couple of years after I was born.
I remember a time when if we put bread out on the back lawn, within a minute, dozens of starlings would be squabbling over the crusts.
I cannot even remember the last time I saw a starling.
Heading off on holidays in my father’s Triumph 1200, we would have to stop while he cleaned squashed insects off the windscreen.
We do not have to do that any more.
We often saw hedgehogs.
Okay, they were mostly squashed on the road, because it turns out that a fear response of curling up in a ball is not all that effective when the threat is an oncoming car, but I ask you, Madam Deputy Speaker, and the House: when did you last see a hedgehog?
The collapse in the hedgehog population is not entirely due to roadkill.