Fifteen years later, we are still not on track to save the Republic of Kiribati.
How would we feel if our island nation—where we were born, where we had grown up and where our ancestors were buried—was about to disappear beneath the waves?
The Bill is about more than targets and strategies; it is a covenant with the natural world and with future generations.
It is our promise to threatened species like the turtle dove, the hazel dormouse and the red squirrel; to the black poplar, the paperbark maple and the star magnolia; to the European eel, the Atlantic salmon and the Arctic char that we will not abandon them to extinction.
Taking bold action on climate and nature is the best way for the Government to demonstrate true global leadership and do what is right, knowing that in the long run the cost of inaction is far, far greater than the cost of action.
Are we willing today to do what is required in the long term, rather than what is expedient in the short term?
Are we willing to do not what is politically possible, but what is scientifically necessary to ensure a future for our planet?
The choice is ours, and the time is now.
Let us be the generation who chose to save our natural world, not the generation who stood by and watched it die.
Nature knows no borders.
It does not recognise our political divisions.
It is time to write a new chapter in our nation’s story—one where we finally understand that in saving climate and nature, we save ourselves.
I invite my colleagues to look up at my young friends in the Gallery: look them in the eye, and show them we are willing to do the right thing for their future.
I commend this Bill to the House.
I thank  the hon.
Member for South Cotswolds (Dr Savage) , the promoter of the Bill, for the hard work that she has done to get to this point—it has, I believe, been a baptism of fire.
I am sure many people across the House would like to thank her for what she has done to get the Bill back before the House once again.
I also thank the Zero Hour campaign—or the Climate and Nature Bill campaign, as it is sometimes called—and all my constituents who have not given me pause to breathe in telling me to get here today, once again, to vote for the Bill.
I am sure many other Members have experienced that, too.
Does the hon.
Gentleman not think that the Members who, before they came to this House, campaigned in support of the Bill, and agreed to vote for it, should be present today to vote for it?
We all understand that it can be difficult for Members to come to the House on Thursdays and Fridays; we need to spend time in our constituencies, and many people also have family commitments.
I would not for one second want to stand here and judge anyone for what they may have going on in their personal lives or in their constituencies.
However, I know that most Members across the House care deeply and passionately about this subject and are here if they can be.
I know that many could not be here today, for good reason; some have sickness, and some have other commitments.
I am sure that all Members present today will make fantastic contributions, and that those who cannot be here are still rooting for the Bill and will be punching the air at their TV screens.
Many of us have had constituents come to us on this matter, and the Bill has made many headlines.
One reason is that it is emblematic of the shortfall that  people feel there is between the political ambition and the on-the-ground delivery that we all know needs to happen.