Does she recognise that the sustainable farming incentive is moving to rewarding farmers who are further towards the bottom of the scale, rather than at the high end of it as we would wish to see?
To reward farmers for rotation of crops, for example, seems to be going back to the 18th century rather than ensuring a high level of stewardship.
My understanding, as a non-farmer, is that crop rotation is an effective way to regenerate soil.
The second priority is to create more joined-up space for nature on land.
Through the global biodiversity frame-work, the Government have committed to protect 30% of land and sea for nature by 2030.
With less than five years to meet that target, a Wildlife and Countryside Link report states that the amount of land in England effectively protected for nature has fallen to less than 3%.
The Government should put 30 by 30 at the heart of upcoming planning reforms, to ensure that all development is playing an active role in nature recovery, and expand the protected sites network by designating more significant and rare natural habitats, such as ancient woodlands and chalk streams.
My third point is about the urgency of delivery, because urgency is lacking in the implementation of positive actions.
The OEP states that the rate of tree planting needs to increase substantially to achieve woodland creation goals.
Meanwhile, long-awaited major initiatives such as a UK chemicals strategy and land use framework,  and the national action plan on the sustainable use of pesticides, as well as the ban on the sale of horticultural peat and the reintroduction of species such as the beaver, are delayed.
I say a big thank you to the hon.
Lady for her excellent speech—this is clearly something that she is passionate about, and has been for a long time.
Does she agree that tree planting is hugely important?
Trees are part of our biodiversity, but they also give life to us, and I celebrate the work that Harlow council did in planting 5,000 trees across Harlow.
I applaud the fantastic work being  done in Harlow to increase the number of trees.
They are indeed life-enhancing and valuable self-contained ecosystems.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for having engaged with me about her Bill.
She shared with me the frustrations she has had in discussing its contents with the Government.
Can we get to the key issue here?
She talks about urgency, but is it true that the Government are intent on kicking the Bill into the long grass because they do not want to be seen to be opposing it, yet they do not really support it?
That is not my interpretation of the Government’s position, and we have had some fruitful conversations.
I shall move on briefly to the climate.
While two sectors in climate—power and greenhouse gas removals—are on course to meet or even exceed the required emissions reductions, significant challenges remain in agriculture and land use, transport, and heat and building.
Some have queried the urgency or indeed the need to reduce emissions from fossil fuels, but does my hon.
Friend not agree that, with 250 people in Somerset alone estimated to die early from air pollution according to Public Health England, there are other reasons why we urgently need to reduce carbon emissions?
I wholeheartedly agree with my hon.
Friend that we cannot go wrong in moving away from fossil fuels, given the implications for air quality as well as for the climate.
I call on the Government to commit significant additional funding to support farmers in environmental delivery on the least productive agricultural land.
Transport has the biggest gap of all sectors between confirmed policy and the emissions reductions needed.
We need to improve public transport, reduce bus fares, increase provision for walking and cycling, and decarbonise the freight sector.
Much more needs to be done on buildings and clean heat, too.