The right hon.
Lady was right to refer to the Secretary of State’s statement on Wednesday regarding the Russian spy ship Yantar and its grey zone activities in our waters and economic zone.
I said in response that we stood shoulder to shoulder with the Government not just on Ukraine but in standing up to the Russian threat, which I still regard as by far the most immediate and serious in terms of the UK homeland.
I urged him to lean into being more open with the country about the Russian threat, while of course protecting operational security, so that the country can understand the nature of the treat and what it will inevitably mean for defence expenditure.
The strategic defence review is expected in the spring, and I hope that it will be published as early as possible—ideally in March—but whenever it is, it appears likely that there will be a particular focus on homeland security and missile defence.
That is entirely right, but we must all understand a fact of military reality: there is one UK capability that matters above all in the Kremlin, and   that is our continuous at-sea deterrent.
There is a strong argument for reinforcing our conventional missile defence capability for the UK homeland, but that is not what deters Putin from striking our cities; rather, it is our potential to retaliate.
For that reason, we must continue to give absolute priority to the deterrent in our defence budget, and that budget must be urgently increased.
Whatever else is announced in the SDR, I hope the right hon.
Lady will confirm both that investment in our deterrent will remain central to all future plans and that we will hit 2.5% during this Parliament.
While the deterrent is inevitably a multibillion-pound undertaking, it remains a way to guarantee our security for a fraction of overall public expenditure.
Today has shown that it also offers a huge economic return to the country, underpinning manufacturing excellence.
As such, and given the threats that we face, it has never been more vital that we continue to strengthen our defence nuclear enterprise.
I find myself agreeing with a lot of what the shadow Defence Secretary said—unity, indeed.
He asked about 2.5%.
I think we all agree that defence spending needs to increase, and he knows well that we have just increased it by 5.9% in real terms this coming year—it is up by £2.9 billion—as a step on the way to getting to 2.5%, which is a cast-iron guarantee.
The hon.
Member referred to the strategic defence review, which as he knows we said will be coming in the spring, and that is still the plan.
He will have to wait a little longer to see the precise details of the threats that that identifies and, therefore, the capabilities we need to develop.
I think there is general agreement across the House about the dangers of things like the Yantar incident, which the Secretary of State spoke about on Wednesday, and we will all have noted that it was dealt with by one of our nuclear submarines.
That reinforces the point that the hon.
Member made about the importance of our deterrent.
The contract that our Defence Secretary has announced at Rolls-Royce in Derby today is the biggest Ministry of Defence contract in its history.
It will make a major contribution to the long-term investment in our city that I and neighbouring MPs have been calling for, creating 1,000 jobs and protecting 4,000 more.
It is an investment not only in industry and nuclear, but in the skills and expertise for which our city is famous.
Does the Minister agree that this represents a landmark deal for British defence?
I thank my hon.
Friend for making that point.
She knows a lot about the subject, and she is correct that it is a landmark deal.
It is particularly beneficial for Derby.