I very much welcome this statement.
As  the hon.
Member for Epsom and Ewell (Helen Maguire)  said, we need SMEs to support our defence sector.
One of the key challenges facing our defence sector, as Ukraine has shown, is that we need to speed up the pace of innovation in this new era facing defence.
In Stevenage, we have many excellent SMEs supporting our local defence primes, Airbus and MBDA.
Will my right hon.
Friend show her support for what SMEs are doing and support them in the future?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend’s point, which is that SMEs form a central part of our industrial base and can do more, if we encourage and enable them to do so, to boost our defence, boost jobs and boost economic growth in all regions and nations.
I invite him to get involved in our defence industrial strategy consultation, which is ongoing.
I welcome the Unity contract and the work done by the previous Government to initiate it.
It is a critical step in maintaining our submarine fleet and facilitating our continuous at-sea nuclear deterrence.
The Minister recently confirmed to me that, excluding Trident, our defence spending as a percentage of GDP is actually only 1.9%.
That puts the UK 23rd of 32 NATO countries, below North Macedonia, Montenegro, Albania and others.
Our non-nuclear NATO partners currently spend proportionally more than we do on conventional forces, while Trident is a measure of last resort.
To ensure that we are properly resourced for high-intensity, multi-domain collective defence, should our NATO spending commitment not be to meet that target on conventional forces, with our nuclear capability in addition to that?
I am not sure that is even the policy of the Conservative party—the shadow Defence Secretary can confirm whether that is the case.
If I may say so, it is a bit sleight of hand to say that taking out a big chunk of our spending, which we are actually spending, will leave us well in deficit.
Of course it would.
However, I understand the point that the hon.
Gentleman makes and the importance he attaches to spending on conventional defence.
That is an important point, and once the strategic defence review is published he will be able to see the threats it identifies and how we will improve our capability to deal with them.
I congratulate the Government and Rolls-Royce on their fantastic and innovative Unity project.
As today’s welcome announcement shows, defence is a fantastic pipeline for building skills and refining the jobs and growth that this country needs.
That is felt and needed nowhere more than in my constituency, the home of the Royal Navy and of so many defence companies, be they national or SMEs.
Alongside my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) , I intend to hold a roundtable later this year on growth strategy.
Can the Minister assure the House that the defence industrial strategy will have a focus on training and skills and will promote and prioritise British industry?
I commend my hon.
Friend for holding a roundtable; I have done a few of those around the country lately.
It is quite illuminating to hear what comes back, particularly from small firms, and it will be informing our defence industrial strategy.
I agree that there is much potential in all our constituencies across the nations and regions to get economic growth and jobs from boosting SMEs.
I very much welcome the Minister’s announcement, but can she tell us where we are getting to with the industrial strategy in utilising Rolls-Royce’s expertise to produce small modular reactors?
There seems to have been a lot of delays in actually delivering on those, yet Rolls-Royce has demonstrated by this contract that it is a leading global player in that field.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.