My noble friend John Gummer introduced the landfill tax, and the first hypothecated environmental tax in our country.
It was a Conservative Government who introduced the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981, and a Conservative Government who put through the environment Acts of 1986, 1995 and 2021.
The Clean Air Act 1956 was introduced by a Conservative Government.
Excellent work was done by former colleagues in this House, such as Michael Gove, Rebecca Pow and others, who took these issues seriously, made the case, and we legislated.
The right hon.
Gentleman outlined articulately how Government legislation can make a positive difference to our environment.
Does he agree that as well as a relentless focus on housing targets, we should also have targets for amenities and for nature and green spaces, so that we can achieve lots of objectives and support the aims of the Bill?
The hon.
Gentleman is right, and I wanted to echo the point raised by the hon.
Member for South Cotswolds.
I note the word “or”, but I like the word “and”.
Indeed, I will share with the House that I am on a particularly stringent January diet.
It is slightly working, I think, but there is still a long way to go.
Ask any member of my family, and they would say, “Now Simon, would you like custard or cream?”
and my eyebrows would shoot up at the word “or”, as I much prefer “and”.
The hon.
Lady was right: climate and nature are two sides of the same coin, and have a close, interwoven symbiotic relationship.
I say to  the hon.
Member for Didcot and Wantage (Olly Glover)  in response to his intervention, again echoing the hon.
Member for Norwich South, that of course we must have growth, but too often the didacts from both sides of the debate say that it is either/or: we can either have a biodiverse natural environment and address climate change, or we can have growth, but we cannot have both.
Well, it depends first on what type and kind of policies we pursue when addressing CO2 emissions and the drive to net zero, but also on what   type of growth one has.
It must be a legitimate anxiety, but I am pretty confident that many people who elected the Labour party into government believed that they would get that fact: that the definition of “growth” needed to be reset in order to meet the challenges that we now face.
The Budget—I shall be charitable—did not quite land as the Chancellor of the Exchequer hoped or expected, and some of the economic indicators are not pointing in the direction that any Government would like to see.
I hope it will not fall on deaf ears—the two Ministers on the Front Bench have a long and respected track record in addressing these issues when they sat on the Opposition Benches, which I hope they will continue now that they sit on the Treasury Bench.
I hope that in order to prove this to people who are anxious about economic growth, and the fact that there does not appear to be very much, it will not be foot-to-the-floor growth of any type, anywhere, in order just to nudge the figures.
It has to be the right kind of growth, and sustainability has to be at its heart.
As my right hon.
Friend the Member for Herne Bay and Sandwich asked: is this Bill perfect?
No, and I do not think that the hon.
Member for South Cotswolds would claim perfection.
My right hon.
Friend said that he had never seen a private Member’s Bill that was perfect and beyond amendment; I have to say to him that in my nearly 10 years in this place, I have yet to see a Government Bill that could be described as perfect and without the possibility of improvement by amendment.
I say to my right hon.
and hon.