There seems to have been a lot of delays in actually delivering on those, yet Rolls-Royce has demonstrated by this contract that it is a leading global player in that field.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
He is right that there is much innovation in the defence industries in our nations, and often with dual-use technology, which means that it is not just about defence but about a broader range of potential opportunities.
I see no reason why all those opportunities cannot be exploited using our defence industrial strategy to kick things off.
I hope to see that in future.
As a former official of the GMB shipbuilding and ship repair union, I warmly welcome today’s announcement.
Does the Minister agree that an aim of the defence industrial strategy should be to open up opportunities for jobs and apprenticeships to people from disadvantaged communities?
I very much agree with my hon.
Friend.
Our defence industries are largely based outside of London and the south-east and are in all our nations and regions.
Quite often they are focused already in areas that have some deprivation.
My hon.
Friend is right to identify that defence industries across our nations and regions can be a part of regional development as well as boosting national growth.
The nuclear defence enterprise for the UK is an extortionate vanity project.
We would much rather the money was spent on conventional defence capabilities.
The Minister states that the contract will drive efficiency to reduce waste and save over £400 million.
Given that no major nuclear contract has ever come in under budget, how does she expect this to happen?
On the 200 jobs that will be split between Cardiff and Glasgow, can she let us know when during the course of the contract these jobs will be delivered?
Will it be at the end or earlier on, and what will the split be between Cardiff and Glasgow?
I opened the centre in Glasgow that has some of those jobs, and I can assure the hon.
Lady that it is well under way, and although the Cardiff centre is not quite up and running yet, it soon will be.
So those jobs are already there.
I disagree with her first point, of course, but that is fair enough.
I hope that she will see  the importance of manufacturing skills and job opportunities, many of which have dual-use applications, as indeed do the apprenticeships at Rolls-Royce in Derby.
There is nothing to suggest that the young people who obtain those nuclear qualifications will not go and work on the civil side of nuclear in the future, and even she ought to be able to see the importance of skilling up young people and creating job opportunities across the nations and regions.
I think we all want to live in a world where we do not need a nuclear deterrent, but it is clear from some of the conflicts we have seen recently that that is not the world we currently live in.
Does the Minister agree that the first duty of a Government is to protect the country, and will she welcome the work being done at Raytheon, which we both visited—it seems a lifetime ago, but it was actually only seven months ago—to ensure that we are manufacturing and producing defence systems in-house, rather than relying on foreign imports?
I very much agree with what my hon.
Friend has said, and I fondly remember that visit to his constituency during, I think, the general election campaign.
Defending the country is clearly the first duty of any Government.
My hon.
Friend will have noted from the statement of intent in respect of our defence industrial strategy that one of our key aims is to build more in Britain and to improve British jobs and economic growth through the money that we spend on our defence, and I think that that is a win-win.