I am sure that all Members present today will make fantastic contributions, and that those who cannot be here are still rooting for the Bill and will be punching the air at their TV screens.
Many of us have had constituents come to us on this matter, and the Bill has made many headlines.
One reason is that it is emblematic of the shortfall that  people feel there is between the political ambition and the on-the-ground delivery that we all know needs to happen.
People may be critical of my Government and some of the things they have done in their first six months—I may come on to that in a minute.
I would say, though, that they are doing a lot better than the Government who came before.
That is, I accept, a low bar; in fact, it is so low I would have difficulty limboing under it.
None the less, that is the bar, and we are doing better than the previous Government.
I think many Labour Members understand that we have far more to do; there is much more to do, and a lot further to go, and I believe this Government will do it.
There will be a debate and a discussion, and I will be part of that, as I am sure will many Members on the Government Benches and across the House.
We cannot get away from the fact that there is growing concern in this country and across the world about what is happening to the natural world.
Today, we have a weather bomb off our coast, which is something I had never heard of before in all my 50-something years.
We all know in our hearts that that has come about because of the climate and ecological crisis.
We know that we are seeing this kind of thing more and more often.
We understand that we may be heading into a dystopian future, where food and water crises become more and more frequent.
We can already see the impact of “climateflation”, as economists are now calling it—the stubborn inflation where the basic staples of life, such as food and water, increasingly become more costly.
Many people are increasingly being priced out of being able to buy the basic food staples they need.
That also has an impact on central banks and the political and economic obligation we have given them to tackle inflation.
We have this stubborn inflation that will not go away, and we cannot seem to get growth in our economy.
This is the climate crisis—this is what it looks like.
We were warned about it by Stern decades ago, but it is here now.
We need to do something about it; in fact, we need to do a lot about it. [
Interruption.]
The hon.
Member for Broadland and Fakenham (Jerome Mayhew)  is chuntering away—he is more than welcome to make an intervention, if he wishes.
If he does not, I will continue.
We understand the situation.
The hon.
Member for South Cotswolds outlined very clearly—brilliantly, in fact—the scale of the challenge before us.
The fact is that 47% of the biodiversity in this country has been completely obliterated.
We are one of the most denuded countries in the world when it comes to biodiversity and wildlife.
I believe one of the few countries ahead of us is Singapore, which has 30% of the natural world left.
That is on the edge—the tipping point—of ecological collapse, and we are not far behind.
We should be on 90% and we are on 53%.
We need to improve.
We need to move ourselves.
We need to act.
The Bill can help us do that.
I want to talk about something that we in this place still do not quite get: the interconnectedness between climate and nature.
The hon.
Member for South Cotswolds discussed that very well, and I want to tease it out a bit further.