Gentleman give way?
I will make progress.
When we get that GDP growth in deeply unequal societies, it is those in the top 1% or top 5% who accrue the benefits.
A working-class woman in one of the Brexit debates—and I was a remainer—was told, “You’ve never had it so good.
You’ve had growth of 3% or 4% for so many years.”
She stood up and said, “But that’s your growth, not our growth.”
This is what I am talking about.
If we want a sustainable economy and sustainable biodiversity, and if we want to protect nature and ensure that future generations have somewhere to live and have food security and water security, we need to ensure that this Bill, or something like it, becomes law.
We need to ensure that Labour Members do the right thing for climate and nature.
It is what our constituents want to see.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for South Cotswolds (Dr Savage)  on her good fortune in having secured a place in the ballot and been able to introduce a Bill that I believe will be very important.
I am proud to be a sponsor of it.
It is deeply flawed in places; we all know that.
I have been in this place for quite a long time and I know of no private Member’s Bill that was perfect when it started its journey.
However, I hope and believe that it will receive a Second Reading.
If it comes to a vote, I shall most certainly support it.
Old men can bore for Britain.
As the grandfather of the House, I am probably just as capable of that as anybody else in this place.
I would like to put it on the record that the right hon.
Gentleman is not boring the House.
Give me time, young man.
At the risk of going down that path, I should like to take a short ramble down memory lane.
I was brought up in Poole, in Dorset.
My grandparents’ house had a lilac tree in the garden.
In flower, it was smothered in red admirals, peacocks, tortoiseshells and all manner of butterflies.
At night, the garden was full of moths.
These days, we are lucky if we see a cabbage white.
The little house that we lived in was on the edge of Poole Park lake.
I played in the park daily; I used to pluck conkers from under the trees during the season for it.
I saw stag beetles in abundance.
Hedgehogs, which we have heard referred to, roamed free.
Out in the hills alongside Cerne Abbas in Dorset, I walked along country paths where my father and I saw foxes, voles, stoats, weasels, rabbits and, up in the sky, birds of prey feeding on them.
Where are they now?
The World Wildlife Fund says that in the past 50 years—well within my lifetime,  but sadly not within the lifetime of most, albeit not all, hon.
Members present—our wildlife has been depleted by 73%.
As a Poole Member, I recognise those places.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman join me in congratulating Dorset on being one of the only places in the country that has turned around the depletion of nature?
Thanks to people like Mark and Mo Constantine, we are restoring ospreys and other birds of prey to our wonderful county.
With great respect to the hon.
Lady, who is fortunate to represent a beautiful place, the Poole that I knew is not the Poole that she now knows—not even in the town, never mind in the countryside.
Although one or two places such as Branksea island, to give it its proper name, may have improved—the overgrowth was taken down about 20 years ago in a fire—a lot of our national habitat has nevertheless been lost.
That is the point that I am trying to make.
I am blessed with five grandchildren.