I thank the Minister for his response on reducing the reliance on fossil fuels; no more backing for oil and gas is essential for protecting our children’s futures.
However, that positive change requires a plan to future-proof British industries that works for everyone, particularly those who are currently working in those high-carbon sectors.
Will the Minister and his colleagues commit to publishing an energy jobs plan for how those workers can be supported in that transition, particularly around being provided with retraining opportunities?
We consulted on a detailed plan around the future of energy in the North sea, which includes a detailed section on workforce planning.
I am sure the hon.
Lady was able to submit a response to that consultation, and we will look carefully at her views.
We take the question of workforce incredibly seriously.
Jobs will be created right across the clean power mission, including in the biggest upgrade to the transmission infrastructure that we have seen in this country for many years, much of which her party seems to oppose.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
Today’s brilliant announcement backing Rolls-Royce to deliver small modular reactors creates more skilled jobs while also delivering clean, secure energy that does not rely on fossil fuels, even when the sun does not shine and the wind does not blow.
Does the Minister agree that the decision shows British business, supported by this Government, again leading the way?
My hon.
Friend will not be surprised that I completely agree with her.
Today, we have announced a new golden age of nuclear power in this country after decades of dither and delay; in fact, I think that the last switch-on of a nuclear power station was before I was even born. [
Interruption.]
It is not that long ago.
We are driving forward the real potential that we see in nuclear power, and the Secretary of State will make a statement on that later.
That is how we deliver thousands of well-paid, skilled jobs across the country and the important energy security that we need.
I hope that we will see SMRs in every part of the United Kingdom, including in Scotland.
What steps he is taking to support rooftop solar power projects.
What steps he is taking to support rooftop solar power projects.
What steps he is taking to support rooftop solar power projects.
What steps he is taking to support rooftop solar power projects.
What steps he is taking to support rooftop solar power projects.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
You look younger every year, if I may say so.
Last week, we launched the new future homes standard, which will ensure that the vast majority of new build houses will have solar panels installed as standard.
This will end the absurd situation the previous Government left where new housing was built without solar panels.
We are kick-starting a solar rooftop revolution, and the upcoming solar road map will lay out how we are bringing cheap clean power to families and businesses across the country.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
Only 20% of schools currently have solar panels.
Brigstock Latham’s primary in my constituency does not.
That is why its year 5 pupils have written to me asking for panels on their roof.
They tell me that this would cut their carbon footprint, reduce bills and help improve their education.
One pupil wrote:
“We may be a small school, but we can be big sometimes.”
Will my right hon.
Friend support their inspiring campaign and perhaps visit these young community activists in my constituency?
I congratulate the pupils of Brigstock Latham’s primary school on their incredible spirit.
Young people right across the country care about these issues.
Also, they are pointing out something really important, which is that we have this free resource of the sun and we should use it.
That is why putting solar panels on schools and elsewhere is big project for Great British Energy.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.