Does the Secretary of State recognise that energy efficiency is a crucial part of energy security, and will he meet me to discuss  how the future homes standard might ensure that every home is truly fit for the future, including by being  zero carbon?
Let me first wish the hon.
Member luck on her leadership bid.
Anyone who wants to be a leader of a political party should take the idea under advisement, in my experience.
I see the former Liberal Democrat leader,  the hon.
Member for Westmorland and Lonsdale (Tim Farron) , nodding.
We want the future homes standard to really work.
It was a plan that the previous Labour Government had for 2016, but the Conservative Government got rid of it.
We want it to make a real difference, and it makes financial sense, because it means that we do not have to retrofit homes at much greater cost.
I wish you a very happy birthday, Mr Speaker—your 40th, I am guessing.
I was really impressed that Holy Trinity church in Colden Common, which is a heritage building, managed to increase its energy efficiency rating from F to A. Can the Secretary of State give any advice or guidance to communities who wish to improve heritage buildings, listed buildings and other old properties, which often face planning issues when seeking to install solar panels or insulation, or take other energy efficiency measures?
Let me congratulate the hon.
Member’s community group.
This whole set of questions has shown the huge untapped potential in the constituencies of Members in all parts of the House.
I will say two things in answer.
First, I will take this back to GB Energy, because I think the role of community groups as potential partners is really important.
Secondly, he makes an important point on planning guidance.
Sometimes the planning rules are okay, but the guidance is the problem, and it creates bureaucratic hurdles.
I am working with the Minister for Housing and Planning to make sure  the guidance is clear to local councils where there are barriers that they should not be putting in the way.
What steps he is taking to increase grid capacity.
What steps he is taking to increase grid capacity
Increasing grid capacity is critical.
We are halving the development time for new transmission infrastructure through reforms to planning and supply chains, so that we can deliver the grid capacity needed to achieve clean power by 2030 and meet the doubling of electricity demand by 2050.
I thank the Minister for his response.
He will know that some projects are waiting up to 15 years to connect to the grid, and the Secretary of State earlier referred to the zombie waiting list.
Could I push him further and ask precisely what concrete steps the Department is taking to drastically cut that waiting list?
We have outlined significant reforms to the connections queue.
There is currently more than 740 GW in that connection queue.
Clearly, that is an unsustainable amount of demand for connection to the  grid, and most of it does not really exist, as my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State pointed out.
We have put forward significant reforms, so that we prioritise projects that are ready to connect to the grid, and have strategic importance to the grid.
The clean power action plan will drive forward what those strategic outcomes are.
That work is under way, and the National Energy System Operator is considering those proposals.
It will free up a huge number of projects from the connections queue, allowing new projects to join, and, crucially, allowing for demand projects that will help deliver economic growth.
In my Oxfordshire constituency of Didcot and Wantage, sites at Culham, Harwell campus and Milton Park host a growing range of scientific and high-tech businesses, including a proposed artificial intelligence growth zone at Culham.