I can also tell the House that, following the incredible campaigning work of my hon.
Friends the Members for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister), for Carlisle (Ms Minns), for Penrith and Solway (Markus Campbell-Savours) and for Barrow and Furness (Michelle Scrogham), my Department has asked the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority and Cumberland council to consider the potential of privately led clean energy development in Moorside, delivering jobs and growth in Cumbria.
We also know that this is an industry that demands long-term thinking.
Therefore, having announced these steps today, we will build on our 2030 clean power action plan and set out our plans for the energy system, including our ambitions and next steps on nuclear, into the 2030s and beyond.
Taken together, the steps that I have announced today will kick off the biggest nuclear building programme that Britain has seen in half a century, doubling down on our nuclear strength to take the latest step forward in our mission to make Britain a clean energy superpower.
When people ask what clean energy and net zero means for our country, this is what it is all about.
For too long, our country has not made the crucial investments in energy or infrastructure that we need.
The British people have paid the price for this short-sighted failure to invest—in lower living standards, insecurity and declining public services.
This week’s announcements signal a decisive change in approach—to invest in the future and make the right choice for energy security, the right choice for jobs, the right choice for climate, our children and grandchildren, the right choice for Britain, and the right choice of investment over decline.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Minister.
I thank the Secretary of State for advance sight of his statement.
The Conservative party is a pro-nuclear party and we welcome any decisions, backed by investment, that increase Britain’s nuclear capacity, because we cannot deliver cheap, reliable and secure energy without it.
Although the investment announced today by the Secretary of State is significant, it is a fraction of the £230 billion cost, which will ultimately be borne by consumers, of his plan to decarbonise the grid.
Unlike the intermittent technologies backed at such cost by the Secretary of State, nuclear provides reliable baseload power.
It generates inertia to stabilise our grid.
Nuclear power plants require substantially less new grid infrastructure compared with dispersed generation from wind and solar.
It is to the shame of successive Governments over many years that Britain relinquished its status as a world leader in civil nuclear technologies.
In 1965, we had more nuclear reactors than the United States, the USSR and the rest of the world put together.
Between 1956 and 1966, we built 10 nuclear power stations, but we gave all that up.
The contribution of nuclear to our power generation peaked in 1994 and has fallen consistently since then.
Labour came to power in 1997, saying that it saw no economic case for the building of any new nuclear power stations.
In 2010, the coalition agreement ruled  out public investment in nuclear.
It was the last Conservative Government who planned the largest revival of nuclear power in 70 years and it is thanks to that work that the Secretary of State has been able to make many of these announcements today.
Can he reiterate, despite the headlines this morning, that the final investment decision has not yet been made?
He said in his statement that he will announce it in the summer, but can he give us a more precise date when we will be told the total Government investment and the private capital raised?
This statement is a downgrade on what the previous Government put in motion.
Today, the Energy Secretary has announced only one small modular reactor.
There is no clear target to increase nuclear power generation and no news on Wylfa.