The Government must be transparent about how this will be paid for, because families cannot afford another hit to their household budgets.
The Liberal Democrats believe that the best way to cut bills, create good jobs and boost energy security is to invest in home-grown renewables such as solar, wind, tidal and geothermal, and to upgrade our national grid to deliver that clean power.
We look forward to seeing more detail on the long-overdue reform of the outdated first come, first served grid connection system, which is holding back renewable energy projects and could even delay the roll-out of new SMRs.
Today’s announcement is a step in the right direction, but the real test is in the delivery of cheaper bills, stronger energy security and a modern energy grid fit for the future.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her contribution.
I feel bad about mentioning this, but she has slightly airbrushed out the role of the current leader of the Liberal Democrats, who was Energy Secretary for a period, but we will “Trotsky”—to use a familial term of origin—that out of the record.
I sincerely welcome her support for this programme, and she puts the case very well: it is a lesson to some of the Opposition Members sitting behind her that we need all the clean energy technologies; we should not choose between them.
Being in favour of nuclear does not mean that we are against wind.
I am the biggest enthusiast for offshore wind, onshore wind, solar and all these technologies.
Let us have all of them, to get off fossil fuels and meet our electricity and energy demand.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, and happy birthday; you were born only a few months after the opening of Calder Hall, the world’s first civil nuclear power plant, so you share that.
The Secretary of State has made the major decision, which is incredibly welcome in west Cumbria, to unlock up to 200 acres of land at Moorside for clean energy projects, including new nuclear.
This issue has been stuck for many years, and I welcome the Secretary of State’s efforts on it, the decision he made and the work he has done with the Cumberland Nuclear Future Board to make it happen.
Will the Secretary of State continue to work with me and local partners to drive the project through so that we get something delivered at the site?
Secondly, can he say more about the regulatory taskforce that is being undertaken at the moment so that we can cut through the bureaucracy and build reactors more quickly?
To reassure you, Mr Speaker, you look much younger than the Calder Hall nuclear power station.
And it is being decommissioned—that is even worse!
Absolutely right—there will be no decommissioning of you, Mr Speaker.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on showing incredible leadership for his constituents on this issue.
It has been a pleasure to work with him and other colleagues on these questions.
He is right about the potential; he is also right about the regulatory question.
We have some of the highest standards of regulation in the world, but it is always right that we look at how we can improve standards of regulation and avoid changes in regulation during the course of projects, which is crucial for success.
That is the work we are getting on with.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
To give credit where it is due, I totally welcome today’s announcement on nuclear.
Where I disagree with the Secretary of State is on his persistence to plough ahead with inefficient technologies such as solar and the associated paraphernalia, such as battery storage, which trash the Buckinghamshire countryside and, indeed, the wider British countryside.
Nuclear works 24/7; solar works about 10% of the time.
Will he have greater courage and plough ahead with this much more efficient 24/7 nuclear technology and drop solar?
I thank the hon.