I welcome the Government’s commitment to nuclear energy as a means of reducing our reliance on fossil fuels, but I am concerned that far less attention has been given to another low-carbon, low marginal cost, firm baseload power source—deep geothermal.
By some estimates, there are over 30 GW of geothermal energy potential in the Cornish granite batholith alone.
What are the Government doing to assess and unlock this untapped geothermal potential?
As always, my hon.
Friend is a great champion for his local area and its different energy sources.
I am very happy to meet him, as geothermal  has huge opportunities.
I think some of it has yet to come to market, but we look at all opportunities for delivering clean power.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker—I suspect you may be relieved that we cannot sing in the Chamber.
I was recently approached by a small business owner in my constituency of Edinburgh West who faces bill of almost £30,000 for the period of lockdown when her business was closed.
She is getting no sense out of British Gas Lite about why she is facing this bill, and I am getting no response from it.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can find out what is happening?
A quick yes will do.
Yes.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
The York Central development site at the heart of my constituency has been found to be a rich source of deep geothermal energy.
Will the Minister meet me to look at how we can bring this on stream to heat the 2,500 homes and support the 12,500 jobs there will be on that site?
I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
There are a number of schemes like this already.
The Mining Remediation Authority has a number of projects under way.
There is huge potential, and I am happy to meet her to discuss it.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker, and despite what has been said by colleagues on the Benches in front of me, you do not look a day over 75. [
Laughter.]
While the Minister is claiming to save the world by closing down the oil and gas industry in the United Kingdom, Centrica has signed a £20 billion deal with Norway to supply gas to the United Kingdom.
How does he justify the loss of British jobs, giving away tax revenue and putting growth in jeopardy by closing down an industry that is still much needed?
The right hon.
Gentleman is wrong on two fronts.
First, we are not closing down oil and gas.
It will continue to play a part for many years to come, but there is a transition under way, as there has been for many years.
The truth of the matter is that, while we want to create the jobs that come next, he turns his face against all the investment in what those jobs will be, which means that, under his plan, the transition will not lead to a future for that incredibly skilled workforce.
We are determined to do it differently, so that there are good, well-paid jobs in the future and a secure energy mix for decades to come.
I thank everybody who has wished me well for my birthday.
I got the best birthday present, and that was the knighthood for Sir Billy Boston, who had to leave Wales to play rugby league.
This is the first knighthood for rugby league, so it is the best present I could have had.
With permission, I would like to make a statement about Government plans for investment in new nuclear power.
Sixteen years ago, in 2009, as Energy Secretary I delivered a statement to this House identifying potential sites for new nuclear.
I said:
“We need to use all available low-carbon sources… New nuclear is right for energy security and climate change, and it will be good for jobs too”.—[Official Report,  9 November 2009 ; Vol.
499, c. 31.]