I warmly congratulate my right hon.
Friend on delivering on his promise from 2009 and confirming Sizewell C, along with the vast array of commitments to a bright nuclear future for this country.
The Select Committee looks forward to our inquiry in the autumn into the future of nuclear; we will be taking evidence and making recommendations to support the work that the Secretary of State has set out.
We visited Sizewell C, and I also visited the nuclear physics department at the University of Liverpool.
I learned in both cases about the jobs that will be available across the country.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that he sees this as the start of both gigawatt construction of new nuclear and a big expansion into SMRs and AMRs, which are still a nascent technology, to support a very good future for nuclear generation in this country?
My hon.
Friend speaks very well on this subject.
I agree with him about the huge jobs potential from new nuclear and the timelines.
My priority when we came into office was to get these things over the line, because there had been so many promises made by the last Government.
Long-term promises were made under Boris Johnson for 2050, but they did not deliver anything towards the 24 GW target.
My priority was to get on and deliver these things and get them over the line, which we are doing.
Then we can look at what the energy needs are going forward and how we meet them.
I agree with my hon.
Friend that nuclear has an essential part to play, alongside all the other clean energy technologies; electricity demand is going to double by 2050, so we need all of them.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
We welcome the Government’s renewed focus on energy security through nuclear power as part of the energy mix.
It is long overdue, after years of dither and delay from successive Conservative Governments.
It has been 16 years since Sizewell C was first announced in 2009, and now, seven Prime Ministers later, we are finally seeing real movement.
That is not a success story but a warning.
Short-term thinking, poor delivery and exorbitant costs—
Are you quoting Nick Clegg?
Will the hon.
Member let me continue?
Order.
I will decide when things are out of order.
I do not need any help.
I want you to get the question finished quickly, so come on.
I cannot help but wonder whether the Secretary of State imagined when he stood at his Dispatch Box back in 2009 that he would be back in 2025 still announcing funding for the same project.
We support investment in clean, home-grown energy.
Small modular nuclear reactors have real potential to reduce our dependence on foreign gas—from tyrants like Putin—and help bring down bills, so we welcome the Government’s backing of the nascent technology of small modular reactors and their choice of Rolls-Royce, which is recognised as a first mover across all of Europe.
That is where the focus should be—not on large-scale projects like Sizewell C that cost billions, take decades and so often go over budget.
We have to ensure that this does not land consumers with higher energy bills.
That risk is very real.
The Government must be transparent about how this will be paid for, because families cannot afford another hit to their household budgets.
The Liberal Democrats believe that the best way to cut bills, create good jobs and boost energy security is to invest in home-grown renewables such as solar, wind, tidal and geothermal, and to upgrade our national grid to deliver that clean power.
We look forward to seeing more detail on the long-overdue reform of the outdated first come, first served grid connection system, which is holding back renewable energy projects and could even delay the roll-out of new SMRs.