Also, they are pointing out something really important, which is that we have this free resource of the sun and we should use it.
That is why putting solar panels on schools and elsewhere is big project for Great British Energy.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
In my Stoke-on-Trent South constituency, businesses such as the Bestway Group, which owns Well healthcare in Meir Park, and Goodwin International in Newstead are keen to invest in rooftop solar, but they cannot get national grid connectivity.
In the case of Well healthcare, it will have to wait until 2032.
Meanwhile, residents in my village areas are frustrated at the growth of solar farms on agricultural land when there are acres of empty flat roofs on industrial estates.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss the many challenges and opportunities for transitioning to clean energy that businesses in my constituency face?
My hon.
Friend raises some important points.
The first is on grid connections.
With the grid reforms that we are doing, we are going to end this zombie queue where projects are taking up space when they are not going to connect or not going to connect in time.
That will open up the future to projects such as hers.
On the point about industrial estates, I can give her a sneak preview and tell her that this is part of the solar road map.
She makes important points, and the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks)  has volunteered to meet her.
Thanks to Great British Energy, Meadway health centre in my constituency is set to have solar panels installed, which will cover its entire energy bills for the summer.
My local hospital, Wythenshawe, will also benefit, saving my local NHS trust some £4 million to £5 million a year, which can be reinvested back into frontline services.
Despite the doom-mongering on net zero that we hear from the Opposition Benches, does the Secretary of State agree that this shows the power of helping our public services and creating jobs?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on having hit the jackpot with the NHS benefiting from what Great British Energy is doing.
He makes such an important point here, which is that the net zero agenda is about lower bills.
For example, it is about cutting energy bills for frontline services and putting the money back into those services.
Who could possibly be against that?
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
In my Chatham and Aylesford constituency, Clarion Housing is working with Octopus Energy in Snodland to install roof solar panels and heat pumps in social housing units.
Can the Minister confirm how we can expand on such schemes, using the tenant power tariff for example, to reduce energy costs for our most vulnerable constituents?
My hon.
Friend makes a really important point, and this is something that we are working on.
There is huge potential in working with energy companies, with social housing providers and others to find ways in which this can be a true part of an anti-poverty strategy.
This is something that we are working on, and we will have more to say about in the weeks and months ahead.
I wish you a very happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
I welcome the news that one of Great British Energy’s first major projects will be to install solar panels on schools and hospitals, and I hope that some of the 43 schools in Doncaster East and the Isle  of Axholme will benefit.
I have heard from local sports clubs that are keen to be part of the green energy revolution but face installation and funding barriers.
Will the Secretary of State consider extending Great British Energy and other schemes to help community sports facilities to go green?
I love my hon.
Friend’s idea; it is such a good one.