Gentleman raises a really important point.
Minimum half-hourly charges will also help customers to use smart solutions and make savings, and all the evidence collected under the last Government shows that when consumer-led flexibility was offered, people really took advantage of it.
Making community energy the centrepiece of the Government’s clean power plan will foster support for new schemes by putting the public in the driving seat to choose where, and at what scale, projects can fit into local landscapes.
To unleash the full potential of community energy, will Ministers consider implementing the long-standing proposals to enable these schemes to sell electricity directly to local people?
The Government’s licence exemption schemes already allow small-scale suppliers, including many community energy groups, to come to market to supply local customers.
The Secretary of State has also commissioned Ofgem to work with the Department to explore some of the policy and regulatory barriers to local supply.
In 2026, Formula 1 will be using a fully sustainable drop-in fuel in all its cars.
Does the Secretary of State agree that this provides an exciting opportunity for the UK to lead the world in using research and development from Formula 1 to support the pursuit of net zero for all motorists, and will he agree to meet me and representatives of motor sport to discuss this issue further?
Yes.
That sounds really good.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
At the former Chatterley Whitfield colliery in my constituency of Stoke-on-Trent North and Kidsgrove, the council has launched an ambitious  plan to go from black to green, creating a combined digital and eco park that includes an AI growth zone.
Will the Secretary of State meet me—alongside my constituency neighbour and hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent South (Dr Gardner) , who has championed this cause, and partners—to see for himself the potential of our coalfield communities?
That also sounds really good, and it sounds like a really important initiative.
The idea of AI growth zones, which have been promoted by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Science, Technology and Innovation, is great, and I congratulate my hon.
Friend.
May I extend an invite to the Secretary of State to come to Aberdeen and meet the highly skilled energy workforce, whose jobs are being put at risk as a result of his policies?
I absolutely meet North sea workers and companies.
What we need to do for them is build the clean energy future so that they can transition.
That is about carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and offshore wind, and it is about nuclear as well—something that SNP Members oppose.
This Government are going to make the investments to make it happen.
Lang may yer lum reek, Mr Speaker.
The Minister may know that we used to have nuclear power in Ayrshire, creating many well-paying jobs.
Does he think we could see small modular reactors at Hunterston, and what does he think of the SNP’s abject failure to bring nuclear to Scotland, even though it has planned for an independent Scotland to rely on English nuclear?
The SNP’s is an anti-jobs, anti-investment and anti-clean energy position, and SNP Members should be ashamed of themselves.
During the last election campaign, the Secretary of State said he would cut energy bills by £300.
Could he set out for families and small businesses in Bridgwater the timescale for fulfilling that promise?
We said we would cut energy bills by up to £300 by 2030, and that remains our commitment.
Penn-bloodh lowen, Mr Speaker.
I welcome the Government’s commitment to nuclear energy as a means of reducing our reliance on fossil fuels, but I am concerned that far less attention has been given to another low-carbon, low marginal cost, firm baseload power source—deep geothermal.
By some estimates, there are over 30 GW of geothermal energy potential in the Cornish granite batholith alone.
What are the Government doing to assess and unlock this untapped geothermal potential?