We are building the clean power system that delivers energy security, and the Conservatives are opposing it.
What estimate he has made of the number of additional jobs in clean power industries since July 2024.
Since the election, over £40 billion of investment has been announced in clean energy, creating good jobs with good wages, and by 2030, the industry could support hundreds of thousands of new jobs.
We will soon publish our clean energy workforce strategy, which will set out in more detail where and how we will deliver the jobs of the future.
The risk of voting for the Conservatives or Reform is that they would put all those jobs in jeopardy.
The Department for Energy Security and Net Zero’s clean power action plan is accelerating the transition to renewable energy sources and creating quality jobs in areas like mine in north Wales.
A major expansion at the port of Mostyn will create 300 new jobs, as it prepares to increase its support for the offshore wind farm sector.
Does the Minister agree that this is not the time to hold back, and that we should invest in green energy to tackle climate change, secure our energy supply and provide skilled jobs for my constituents in Clwyd East?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that speech—[Interruption.]
I mean, for that beautiful short question.
I welcome the jobs that are coming to the port of Mostyn.
This Labour Government are driving investment in our communities from carbon capture, hydrogen, nuclear, wind and solar energy.
Opposition Members have to explain to the British people why they want to leave them colder, poorer, in the pockets of dictators and with less good jobs.
I hear that it is your birthday, Mr Speaker.
Congratulations!
The UK Government have announced £14 billion for new, extremely expensive nuclear energy projects, while crucial shovel-ready green developments in Scotland are receiving nothing at all.
Both Cruachan 2 and the Acorn project are awaiting the Minister’s approval to create new green jobs in Scotland.
When will that money be made available?
When we hear the SNP opposing jobs, it seems sad for the people of Scotland.
We are supporting jobs up and down Scotland.
The hon.
Gentleman does not have long to wait to hear about Acorn, because the spending review will be published later this week.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker, and very many happy returns.
We obviously welcome new jobs when they are created, but will the Minister acknowledge the destructive impact of her Government’s policies on jobs in oil and gas in the North sea?
On Friday evening in Westhill, in my constituency, I met many workers who are terrified for their future, their family and their community, because the skilled jobs in the supply chain that is maintained by oil and gas are not being replaced at the pace needed by renewables.
That is due to a slowdown in offshore wind deployment and a steep decline in oil and gas activity.
Will she not admit that the Government have got this dreadfully wrong?
Under the previous Government, we lost 70,000 jobs in the oil and gas industry and more than 1,000 jobs in the ceramics industry.
We produced only 30% of the steel that we need in this country, and the chemicals industry fell by 30%.
The Conservatives’ record is shocking.
We are putting together a plan that will ensure we can transition a lot of people from oil and gas to renewables; as the hon.
Gentleman knows, the skills are very similar.
We are trying to make that easier through our passport system.
We are developing a workforce plan, which we will publish in due course, that will involve hundreds of thousands of jobs.
Why do Conservative Members oppose that?
There has been no contrition, or acknowledgement of the people losing their jobs today in this country as a direct result of the Government’s destructive policies.