On the other side, we have the shadow Minister and the deputy leader of the Reform party,  the hon.
Member for Boston and Skegness (Richard Tice) .
I think I know who I would take my advice from.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure that the transition to net zero supports rural economies.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
The Government are committed to ensuring that everyone can access the benefits of our net zero transition, including rural communities, which will play a vital role in creating jobs and hosting infrastructure.
That is why we have set up the £5 million Great British Energy community fund to support clean energy project development, including in constituencies like my hon.
Friend’s.
Many happy returns, Mr Speaker.
Chipping Community Energy in my constituency is a brilliant ground source heat loop feasibility project.
We know that grid infrastructure is weaker in rural areas, and there is a risk that more remote areas get left behind in the move to decarbonisation, in the same way that they did with the broadband roll-out.
Will the Minister share what role she sees local initiatives, like Chipping Community Energy, playing in our overall plans for energy security and affordability, and what steps she is taking to help such projects to provide more cheap energy to our rural communities?
That sounds like a great project.
We are absolutely committed to recognising the role that community energy groups, like the Chipping Community Land Trust, can play in ensuring that communities directly benefit from the energy transition.
The trust was awarded £100,000 through the former rural community energy fund, and GB Energy is continuing that work through its community fund, helping to unleash the wave of community energy projects that the Secretary of State spoke about earlier.
The Government and Ofgem will be working to tackle policy and regulatory barriers to these projects happening.
In the spirit of trying to get as many birthday wishes into one Hansard record as possible, Mr Speaker, from one part of the greatest county in the country to another, I wish you a very happy birthday.
In the context of the dash to net zero, rural economies can also be damaged by the infrastructure that is being put in.
The Morgan and Morecambe wind farm cabling corridor and substations will cause damage to rural businesses over 20 miles along the cabling route, including disruption caused during the construction stage.
What efforts is the Minister making to assess cases in which the infrastructure that is being put in place does more damage to rural economies than it benefits them?
If rural communities are to benefit from the clean energy transition, it is important that they play a role in hoping to host the infrastructure.
When the Great British Energy Bill went through Parliament, there was much discussion about ensuring that communities that host the new infrastructure do not lose out.
I can send the hon.
Gentleman details of exactly how his community can engage with that process.
What steps he is taking to improve the energy efficiency of homes.
In 2025-26 alone, we will upgrade up to 300,000 homes through the warm homes plan and other measures.
That is more than double the number of homes upgraded last year.
Later this year, we will set out more details of a warm homes plan to upgrade up to 5 million homes, and there will be more details in the spending review tomorrow.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
My Lib Dem predecessor, the much-missed Andrew Stunell, pushed for the zero carbon homes programme during his time in the 2010 to 2015 Government, having brought in his first Bill on that subject back in 2004.
Sadly, those standards were scrapped as soon as the Conservatives were governing on their own.