Will the Secretary of State consider extending Great British Energy and other schemes to help community sports facilities to go green?
I love my hon.
Friend’s idea; it is such a good one.
Local sports clubs and lots of other community organisations can benefit from that project.
I will suggest the idea to Great British Energy.
Mr Speaker, The Times has told the world how old you are today.
They got it wrong!
I do not propose to write it into the record, but I note that you are catching up on me. [
Laughter.]
Happy birthday.
Let us move on.
Yesterday, a Minister said from the Dispatch Box that only 1% of farmland was being damaged by development, yet solar panels are smothering   east Kent’s best farmland.
It must stop.
Given what the Secretary of State has said, what further steps will he take to protect our farmland and really do move solar panels on to rooftops, car parks and public buildings?
There are a few questions in there, and I will try to answer them as briefly as I can.
Even for the biggest solar ambitions, less than 1% of land would be covered.
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that we need solar rooftops too.
That is why we have put an end to years of dither and delay, and last week announced that new homes will have solar panels fitted as standard.
It makes total sense.
The solar panels on my roof started working last week, and I am very excited.
If you do not have any solar panels, Mr Speaker, maybe you could give yourself a birthday present and ensure that you have an array, too.
Mine were made possible by the Solar Together scheme organised by Bath and North East Somerset council.
Such schemes are so important to encourage people to install solar panels on their roofs.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that funding for those schemes will continue?
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on having taken that step.
She makes an important point: lots of people want to do this, but there is an up-front cost barrier.
One thing that my Department is doing is working with the private sector, social housing providers, as I have said, and others to ask how we might break down up-front cost barriers so that more people, particularly those who cannot necessarily afford those costs, can benefit from solar power and cheaper bills.
Grand Union Community Energy in my constituency is a non-profit community group that has done excellent work in Kings Langley to raise funding to install solar panels on the roofs of local schools, developments and car parks.
It also educates local residents on how they can utilise community energy to reduce energy bills, which we have all seen rise under this Government.
What steps are being taken across Government to ensure that community projects such as Grand Union Community Energy are implemented more widely?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his excellent question.
I 100% agree with him about the role of community energy providers.
I hope that he can persuade his Front Benchers to convert to supporting Great British Energy, because one of things that it will do—we will be happy to work with him on this—is unleash a wave of community energy across our country, doing precisely the things that he talks about.
I am delighted that the Government have seen the light on solar photovoltaics and recognised what an important step they are on the path to the sunlit uplands of homes that are genuinely fit for the future.
Does the Secretary of State recognise that energy efficiency is a crucial part of energy security, and will he meet me to discuss  how the future homes standard might ensure that every home is truly fit for the future, including by being  zero carbon?
Let me first wish the hon.
Member luck on her leadership bid.