We are developing a workforce plan, which we will publish in due course, that will involve hundreds of thousands of jobs.
Why do Conservative Members oppose that?
There has been no contrition, or acknowledgement of the people losing their jobs today in this country as a direct result of the Government’s destructive policies.
Some 3,000 jobs were lost in July 2024.
Robert Gordon University estimates that there are 400 job losses every two weeks.
Offshore Energies UK predicts that there will be 42,000 job losses unless there is significant policy change.
The Just Transition Commission warns that 120,000 jobs may go by 2030, and that there is no prospect of a just transition, because the supply chain is just upping sticks and moving overseas.
Will the Minister not acknowledge that this is the wrong course to take?
Will she at least apologise to the men and women losing their jobs today?
The North sea will continue to play an important role for years to come, which is why we are keeping existing fields open for their lifetime.
This is a declining base, and the hon.
Gentleman knows that.
This is not where the jobs of the future will be.
They will be in the clean energy transition, which we are investing in at pace; there have been huge announcements today on nuclear, and there are the spending review announcements to come.
We are investing in the jobs of the future; he is stuck in the past.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of extending the warm home discount to all households in receipt of means-tested benefits on people receiving those benefits.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of extending the warm home discount to all households in receipt of means-tested benefits on people receiving those benefits.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of extending the warm home discount to all households in receipt of means-tested benefits on people receiving those benefits.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
We are extending the warm home discount to more than 6 million households, doubling the number of families that will get support this winter.
That is the difference that a Labour Government make.
We are providing support for those who need it while we sprint to clean power by 2030, so that we can get off the energy rollercoaster and bear down on bills for good.
A very happy birthday to you, Mr Speaker.
I welcome the extension of the warm home discount to all households on means-tested benefits from this winter.
Many low-income households were excluded because their homes were not classed as having a high cost to heat.
In Wolverhampton North East, only 18% of households benefited from the discount in 2023-24.
Can the Minister confirm that the new scheme is simple, fair and focused on those who are most in need?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that really important point.
I can confirm that we will remove the hard-to-heat criterion, which means that support will go to low-income households that we know need help with their energy bills.
I thank the Minister for outlining the support available to households with high energy bills.
Some 6,000 households in my constituency benefit from the warm home discount, but many in Barking and Dagenham, alongside almost 2 million other households in this country, are dealing with high energy debt.
What plans are under way for energy debt relief schemes, or  a scheme to help those who built up debt under the previous Government, so that we can support them now?
Unlike the Conservatives, we do not abandon those households suffering from debt that arose as a result of the legacy of past Governments.
We are working with Ofgem to put in place a debt support scheme to deal with the huge rise in energy debt that we saw during the energy crisis, which the Conservatives failed to deal with.