What plans are under way for energy debt relief schemes, or  a scheme to help those who built up debt under the previous Government, so that we can support them now?
Unlike the Conservatives, we do not abandon those households suffering from debt that arose as a result of the legacy of past Governments.
We are working with Ofgem to put in place a debt support scheme to deal with the huge rise in energy debt that we saw during the energy crisis, which the Conservatives failed to deal with.
That will provide much-needed support, whether through debt write-offs or debt repayment plans.
It will mean that households that cannot afford their energy bills, are struggling, and will never pay that debt are provided with support.
Happy birthday to you, Mr Speaker.
The Government are targeting measures based on people’s income, but will they look at the issue of rural homes?
Many thousands of people live in poorly insulated homes in isolated areas; families there are left in the cold in the winter.
We know there are parts of the country where homes are not up to standard and families are struggling with bills.
That is why our warm homes plan is so important.
We will target homes across the country and ensure that we provide a range of measures, from insulation through to solar and heat pumps, so we can ensure that homes are warmer and cheaper to run.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker!
Like me, you don’t count the years; you make the years count.
You are doing very well at that.
I welcome the Minister’s answer.
She has in the past been keen to ensure that Northern Ireland does not lose out on schemes.
Yesterday, the decision on the winter fuel payment was announced to the House, which we all welcome.
The Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions,  the hon.
Member for Swansea West (Torsten Bell) , was clear that the legislation starts here, but help for Northern Ireland will come from here as well.
Will there be the same help for those in Northern Ireland, who need it as much as people here?
We are working across all nations to ensure that households get the support that they need.
I will be in Northern Ireland next week, where I will talk to the devolved Administration about how we can work together to ensure that homes across the country are supported.
What steps his Department is taking to decouple electricity and gas prices.
Accelerating the clean energy transition away from insecure and expensive fossil fuels towards cheap, clean renewables and nuclear power will help decouple gas and electricity prices.
As a result, we will reduce the exposure of consumer bills to volatile international crises and ensure that we never again face the kind of cost of living crisis that the last Government presided over.
New solar is 11% cheaper than the lowest-cost fossil fuel, and onshore wind is 39% cheaper, yet the marginal pricing system that ties electricity costs to the market price of gas has resulted in British consumers enduring the fourth-highest global energy prices during a cost of living crisis.
Does the Minister agree that decoupling electricity prices from the gas market is essential if consumers are to enjoy lower-cost energy?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his expertise in this area, which he often brings to the House.
He is absolutely right that decoupling from volatile and expensive gas prices is critical, and the journey we are on to develop clean power by 2030 will do that.
Our objective is to deliver a clean power system where gas only provides the back-up, rather than setting the price, as it currently does.
Too often—80% of the time—we rely on gas to set the price.
We are trying  to remove that, and to build a clean power system for the future.