Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
My Lib Dem predecessor, the much-missed Andrew Stunell, pushed for the zero carbon homes programme during his time in the 2010 to 2015 Government, having brought in his first Bill on that subject back in 2004.
Sadly, those standards were scrapped as soon as the Conservatives were governing on their own.
The Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit has estimated that, had those standards been reached in 2016, households would have paid £5 billion less in energy bills as a result of living in better insulated and more energy-efficient homes.
The Secretary of State earlier mentioned the future homes standard, which is bringing in welcome steps on solar panels and so on.
When will the Government go further to reach zero carbon homes standards with a fabric-first approach?
The hon.
Lady raises an important question.
The failure to have a zero carbon homes standard or future homes standard in place has meant that we have built over 1 million homes since then that are now going to have to be retrofitted.
That makes no financial sense.
It is right to put those upgrades in as standard from the get-go, and we have done a lot of work with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government and house builders to make sure that can be done in a way that also means we can build lots of homes.
What is the Secretary of State doing to make it more affordable for households to make their homes energy-efficient?
The current model is that those who can afford to outlay some funding then get a taxpayer-funded subsidy, but those who cannot put down those first few thousand do not get that support.
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
I am working with the Minister for Energy Consumers and others across Government on this as part of the warm homes plan.
We have to make sure that those who can least afford it can take advantage of the huge opportunities of insulation, solar panels and batteries.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Warm wishes for your birthday, Mr Speaker—and I am going to talk about warmth, as you might expect.
Over the last decade, we have seen so many households living in Dickensian conditions, with dark, damp and cold homes, and having to choose between heating and eating.
With the warm homes plan widely recognised as the most cost-effective way of making homes warmer, healthier and cheaper to heat, can the Secretary of State confirm exactly how many homes will be covered?
Is the current scale of the plan truly sufficient to meet the challenge we face?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to be ambitious on these issues.
Energy efficiency makes such sense for our country.
We committed in our manifesto to upgrade 5 million homes and we intend to meet that commitment.
I do not want to steal the Chancellor’s thunder, but we will be saying more about that tomorrow.
What steps he plans to take in relation to the Rosebank oilfield.
The consent to develop the Rosebank oilfield was deemed unlawful by the courts.
The developer will need to reapply for consent, including an assessment of emissions from burning the fuel produced.
We will produce guidance on the environmental assessment of those emissions in due course.
Have a good one, Mr Speaker!
The big issues to consider in this decision-making process will be the economic and environmental impacts.
As the Government develop their thinking, will they consider and report to the House on another issue?
Ithaca is one of the companies seeking to benefit from the large profits from the Rosebank development.
It is owned by Delek, an Israeli oil conglomerate that has been listed recently by the UN for human rights abuses in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
I do not believe that our Government would want to be associated with a company like that, and many pension funds are now divesting from that company, too.