Nuclear works 24/7; solar works about 10% of the time.
Will he have greater courage and plough ahead with this much more efficient 24/7 nuclear technology and drop solar?
I thank the hon.
Member for part of what he said, if not most of it.
We have a fundamental disagreement.
Solar and wind offer cheap power for our country—why would we possibly say no to that?
The biggest threat to the countryside is the climate crisis, and solar and wind alongside nuclear are the way to tackle it.
I, too, wish you a happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
I very much welcome the statement, which is about the future-visioning and future-proofing of our energy security and production.
I particularly welcome the £2.5 billion investment in fusion, including for the STEP—spherical tomahawk for energy production —programme at West Burton in north Nottinghamshire.
I thank Ministers for their work to secure that, which is very welcome indeed.
The process has already started, with the tender outcomes for the construction and the design and technology to be announced later this year.
I am championing British companies, which are very much part of that process.
I am excited about the thousands of jobs and skills in new infrastructure that will be developed because of this programme.
The work has already started on the skills partnership, which is stretching right across regions including the east midlands, Lincolnshire and South Yorkshire.
That partnership is working with our further education colleges, our universities and the advanced manufacturing centre in Rotherham.
Does the Secretary of State agree that left-behind, red wall areas such as mine are where we need investment to revise our energy production and our industry?
This is where we start, and I want to see more.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her advocacy.
When I was in discussions with the Chancellor, I did think that if this did not go ahead I would have to answer to my hon.
Friend and to the Mayor of the East Midlands, so she was a motivating force in ensuring that the project did go ahead.
Her point is crucial: this is about good jobs in areas of the country that really need those good jobs.
Last night, I was talking to an apprentice from Sizewell—she went there at age 16 and has been there for a year—about the experience she has had.
She gives credit to Sizewell.
We can see her career in front of her, and we want that for lots more people.
Assuming that the large nuclear power station at Sizewell C and the small modular reactors both prove to be successful, as we trust they will be, what is the Government’s thinking about the respective roles of each of those two very different types?
Which does the Secretary of State think will be the better bet in the long term for the future of the country?
Can he assure us that China will have no part in any of this?
On the latter point, yes, I can assure the right hon.
Gentleman of that.
He asks a typically astute question, if I may say so.
The truth about these technologies, I think, is that the answer is both.
We cannot really make a judgment about this until we see the SMR programme developed.
The SMR programme offers something that has eluded nuclear for a long time, which is modularity and replication, and that, as we know from other technologies, is the way to bring down costs and speed up delivery.
There is huge potential in both, but large-scale gigawatt can also play an important role.
I warmly welcome the SMR announcement, which is great news for Sheffield as Rolls-Royce is already doing significant work at the Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre.
When I met Rolls-Royce recently, it said that 70% of its bid could be built and produced in Great Britain.