That work is under way, and the National Energy System Operator is considering those proposals.
It will free up a huge number of projects from the connections queue, allowing new projects to join, and, crucially, allowing for demand projects that will help deliver economic growth.
In my Oxfordshire constituency of Didcot and Wantage, sites at Culham, Harwell campus and Milton Park host a growing range of scientific and high-tech businesses, including a proposed artificial intelligence growth zone at Culham.
Major housing growth also continues, and the new Valley Park development will use air source heat pumps.
However, the Future Oxfordshire Partnership has raised concerns that grid constraints are causing significant delays to decarbonisation activities and creation of local power grids.
What steps will the Minister take to address these problems and create an electricity grid fit for 21st-century Oxfordshire?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an incredibly important point that outlines why this work is so important.
There are two parts to it.
The connections reform is crucial, so that we have a queue of projects that are strategically relevant and ready to be delivered.
The second part is that we have to build significantly more grid infrastructure, and it is incumbent on all Members of this House to not oppose that grid infrastructure and then come here and say that they want new demand projects to be able to connect.
Instead, they need to take a practical approach and say, “We’re going to have to build some new grid in this country if we want to unlock the huge potential of AI growth zones and other demand projects in the economy.”
The strategic defence reviews of this Government and the previous Government highlighted the risks posed to our security by climate change.
Does the Minister agree that the increasing opposition by the Conservatives and other Opposition Members to clean power infrastructure and increasing our grid capacity across the country is not just economically illiterate but a risk to our national security?
As so often, my hon.
Friend is correct on these matters.
He usually has a quote that shows that, just a few months ago, Opposition Front Benchers agreed with us on many of these matters, but have suddenly changed their position.
As my hon.
Friend says, our proposals are not only critical to delivering energy security in an increasingly uncertain world, but to tackling the climate crisis, which has such an impact on our lives now and in the future, and to the economic opportunities of the 21st century.
I call the shadow Minister.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
We need to ensure that the technology that we import to increase grid capacity is secure.
US officials recently found kill switches in Chinese-made components  for solar farms.
The Conservatives have been clear about the security risks that China poses in our energy supply chain, so will the Secretary of State confirm whether he discussed that issue in his recent meeting with Chinese officials?
If not, why not?
On a day when we are announcing new nuclear schemes, I am almost tempted to ask: which party brought Chinese investment into the heart of our nuclear infrastructure?
The Conservative party.
In every decision taken about the energy sector and more widely, if there are questions about national security, they are taken forward in the usual way.
We invest hugely in ensuring that all our critical national infrastructure is safe and secure from cyber-threats and other threats.
That work continues and is a top priority for the Government.
We are building the clean power system that delivers energy security, and the Conservatives are opposing it.
What estimate he has made of the number of additional jobs in clean power industries since July 2024.
Since the election, over £40 billion of investment has been announced in clean energy, creating good jobs with good wages, and by 2030, the industry could support hundreds of thousands of new jobs.