There is huge potential in both, but large-scale gigawatt can also play an important role.
I warmly welcome the SMR announcement, which is great news for Sheffield as Rolls-Royce is already doing significant work at the Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre.
When I met Rolls-Royce recently, it said that 70% of its bid could be built and produced in Great Britain.
How will the Government hold Rolls-Royce to account for that and ensure that the announcement delivers great jobs and great investment right across the UK?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her incredible advocacy on this issue, including at the AMRC.
She makes such an important point: this will be taxpayers’ money, and we need to ensure that as much as possible is built in Britain.
I make absolutely no apologies for saying that.
The answer to her question is that as we negotiate terms with Rolls-Royce over the coming months, that will be a key part of our discussions.
This £14 billion splurge on English nuclear power plants comes on top of £22 billion for English carbon capture and storage, while there is nothing for Scotland’s Acorn project.
With Grangemouth allowed to close and the fiscal regime ruining the north-east’s energy jobs, this latest announcement shows that Scotland is not an afterthought—Scotland is not a thought at all.
If nearly £40 billion can be found for English energy projects, why has money never been found for Scotland’s carbon capture project?
Maybe a change in the SNP’s position is coming.
Absolutely, if the hon.
Lady wants, let us have a discussion about Scottish nuclear power stations.
We are in favour of the Acorn project and will say more about that in the coming weeks.
But on nuclear power, SNP Members have really got to think again.
They are sticking their heads in the sand.
This is about jobs, investment and clean energy.
They should really rethink.
If I had known it was your birthday, Mr Speaker, I would have brought you down a Chorley cake, but never mind.
As you know, my constituency hosts Heysham 1 and 2 nuclear power stations.
As the Secretary of State is aware, I am pushing for Heysham also to host new nuclear.
Will he tell me how today’s announcement supports nuclear communities such as mine and will enable the next generation of nuclear across the country?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
To get slightly into the weeds, the new planning framework that we are consulting on opens up possibilities for new nuclear.
Today we have set out the public money that we can commit to new nuclear at this stage.
We are seeing this a bit in the US and in other countries with a 50% increase in nuclear investment last year globally.
My message to the private sector is that if it is interested in partnering with us and saying to us, “We want to build in places other than those where you’ve put the public investment,” we are absolutely open for business and dialogue.
The Secretary of State will be aware that it was originally proposed to build a third nuclear power station, based on a Chinese design, at Bradwell-on-Sea in my constituency.
Is a third station—it will not be Chinese—at Bradwell still a possibility, or could it be allocated an SMR?
Good nuclear sites, including Bradwell, are always going to be possibilities as far as I am concerned.
We are not going to have China building our nuclear power stations, but if the right hon.
Gentleman wants to discuss this with my Department, we will be happy to do so.
It is clear that this Labour Government are putting pounds behind promises to deliver clean energy and good, skilled jobs in all parts of the country.
With that in mind, given its importance to north Wales, will my right hon.
Friend confirm that Great British Energy Nuclear will prioritise Wylfa?
I am glad that my hon.