Sixteen years ago, in 2009, as Energy Secretary I delivered a statement to this House identifying potential sites for new nuclear.
I said:
“We need to use all available low-carbon sources… New nuclear is right for energy security and climate change, and it will be good for jobs too”.—[Official Report,  9 November 2009 ; Vol.
499, c. 31.]
That was true back then, and it is even more true today.
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the cost of living crisis that followed showed how vulnerable we are as a country because of our dependence on fossil fuels, at the whim of markets controlled by petrostates and dictators.
The imperative of energy security and the demands of the climate crisis mean that we must shift as fast as possible to clean, home-grown power.
The demand for that power, as we shift away from gas, is expected to at least double by 2050, so we need all the low-carbon sources possible to meet the demands we face.
The advice from experts, including the Climate Change Committee, is clear: we need new nuclear to meet our climate obligations.
This Government support new nuclear because of our belief that the climate crisis is the greatest long-term threat facing our country and our world, not in spite of it; because of the imperative of energy security; and because of the good, skilled jobs that nuclear provides.
In Britain today, there are too few industries that offer the secure, well-paid jobs with strong trade unions that the British people desire and deserve.
Time and again, I have heard from people up and down the country about the importance of nuclear jobs to their communities.
For all these reasons, the Government are taking decisive steps today to usher in a new golden age of nuclear for Britain.
First, back in the late 2000s, when I was Energy Secretary, I identified Sizewell as a potential site for new nuclear.
It has taken 16 years, but I am incredibly proud that today we are announcing £14.2 billion of public funding for this spending review period to build Sizewell C, the first Government-funded and owned nuclear power station in Britain since the 1980s—a strategic partnership with France, with EDF intending to invest alongside us.
I recognise the contribution of my hon.
Friends the Members for Lowestoft (Jess Asato) and for Ipswich (Jack Abbott) in advocating for this project and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Warrington North (Charlotte Nichols)  for her advocacy for nuclear as a whole.
I also acknowledge the work of  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , who is not in his place, when he was Minister for nuclear.
Sizewell C will power the equivalent of around 6 million homes with clean, home-grown energy for 60 years,  and will be a jobs and growth engine for Britain,  supporting 10,000 jobs at peak construction and creating 1,500 apprenticeships—well-paid, highly skilled jobs in East Anglia and communities across the country.
I thank the GMB, Unite, and Prospect trade unions, which are brilliant champions for the nuclear industry.
Sizewell has already signed £4.2 billion-worth of contracts with 311 companies, and will eventually work with 3,500 suppliers in all four nations of the UK.
This project is good value for money for the taxpayer, because there will be a clear economic return on the investment, and for the bill payer, because all the due diligence we have done demonstrates that the cost of the clean power it will supply will be cheaper than the alternative.
We expect the final investment decision on the project, including through the capital raise from the private sector, to be completed in the summer, when we will set out further detail.
This is a new generation of nuclear power, promised for years and delivered by this Labour Government.