Our objective is to deliver a clean power system where gas only provides the back-up, rather than setting the price, as it currently does.
Too often—80% of the time—we rely on gas to set the price.
We are trying  to remove that, and to build a clean power system for the future.
I think we all agree that it is important for us to protect all consumers from the volatile oil and gas prices that my hon.
Friend has mentioned.
However, while we shift and undertake that reform, has the Minister considered the benefits of having an energy social tariff, to protect customers now from those volatile oil and gas prices, and to prepare them for a cleaner, better and reformed energy market in the future?
I always agree with my hon.
Friend, but on her initial point, I probably do not.
I am not sure that we do all agree in this House that we should remove the volatility of fossil fuel prices.
Some want us to remain linked to fossil fuels for longer and longer.
We are determined to remove that vulnerability from people’s bills, so that we do not face the price spikes that many families still struggle with.
She is right to point to targeted support as well.
We are looking at social tariffs.
Part of the challenge is that the phrase means different things to different people, but we are clear that bringing down bills for everyone is a top priority for this Government, and the clean power mission is how we will do it.
I call the shadow Minister.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
The Energy Secretary has said that there is a “principled case” for removing green taxes from electricity bills, and the cost being met by increases in green taxes on gas bills.
That would be a net tax rise for every household—80% of the country—that uses gas.
This was not an argument that he made before the election, so can the Minister take this opportunity to rule out any increase in taxes, charges or levies on gas bills?
On the Government Benches, we are trying to cut people’s bills as quickly as possible.
The hon.
Gentleman was a core part of a Government who failed to do that for many years.
I am surprised that he did not rise to congratulate Great British Energy on its investment in solar panels on schools and hospitals, because his constituents are benefiting from one on a hospital and one on a school.
He should welcome that.
If the hon.
Member wants to talk about my constituency, he can talk about the betrayal of the Sunnica application, which is being imposed on my constituency by the Energy Secretary.
The public will see that the answer was not a “no” from the Minister.
Families across the country should be worried; this is becoming a pattern.
For weeks, I asked Ministers about their plan to align with the European carbon price.
For weeks, they denied that it would happen, and then, once the local elections were done, they did it, increasing electricity bills by stealth for every family and business in the country.
Now it is the same for gas bills.
When will the Minister be straight with people and admit that the Government are adding to the bills of families and businesses, not cutting them?
The House will have heard the shadow Minister’s failure to welcome solar panels on a hospital and a school in his constituency, but he can deal with his own constituents.
On the question of the emissions trading system, on one side, we have National Grid, Energy UK, the Carbon Capture and Storage Association,  Make UK and the Confederation of British Industry welcoming it.
On the other side, we have the shadow Minister and the deputy leader of the Reform party,  the hon.
Member for Boston and Skegness (Richard Tice) .
I think I know who I would take my advice from.