This is the subject of ongoing discussions between our Department and, in particular, the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office: we want to ensure that we are not giving with one hand and taking away with the other.
That is part of the remodelling that will enable us to supply international climate finance to the people who need it most.
I wish you a happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
In its manifesto last year, the Scottish Labour party promised to create 69,000 Scottish jobs in the clean energy industries of the future, but on “The Sunday Show” the Scottish Labour leader was unable to answer any questions about that.
May I ask how many jobs have been created so far, how this is progressing, and when the target will be met?
The hon.
Gentleman is right, in that we had ambitious plans in our manifesto to create thousands of jobs funded through Great British Energy—something that he failed to vote for, so he is now against the investment that will come.
We have secured £40 billion-worth of private investment since we came to office, with hundreds of jobs and many, many thousands to come.
Thousands of my constituents in Barking receive their energy via a heat network provided by their landlord or a housing association.
In many cases, they are not eligible for the warm home discount.
What plans do the Government have to make sure that those constituents receive the support they need?
We have had challenges with heat networks across the country.
That is why we are bringing forward regulations to make sure both that there is a fair price for people on heat networks and that technical standards drive up the quality of heat networks, so that people can have cheaper bills.
Standing order charges are making energy bills unaffordable, particularly for those on lower incomes.
What steps are Ministers taking to address this?
The hon.
Lady raises a really important point about the level of standing order charges, and this is something that Ofgem has consulted on.
The complexity is that if we redistribute standing order charges, it can have significant adverse distributional effects, but Ofgem is seeking to have low standing order charges for some customers.
Wasco Coatings in my constituency has invested significantly in its Hartlepool operation in anticipation of the ambitious net zero plans on Teesside.
We now learn that there is a possibility that the contract may go abroad, which threatens Hartlepool jobs.
Does the Minister agree that British investment must back British jobs, and does she have a message for those deciding on the contract?
The Northern Endurance Partnership, which is developing the infrastructure to transport CO2 across Teesside and the Humber, will create thousands of jobs.
There is a 50% local content target, but we want to exceed that, and I urge the partnership to use British suppliers.
I think my hon.
Friend is meeting its representatives this week.
We stand ready to do so, and we want everyone to buy British.
Research from Centrica, which is headquartered on my patch, shows that Hive has saved domestic customers half a billion pounds on their energy bills since its inception.
Does the Secretary of State agree that smart data, which gives consumers the ability to control their energy use without the need for top-down bans, taxes and mandates, should be a key plank of the warm homes plan?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a really important point.
Minimum half-hourly charges will also help customers to use smart solutions and make savings, and all the evidence collected under the last Government shows that when consumer-led flexibility was offered, people really took advantage of it.
Making community energy the centrepiece of the Government’s clean power plan will foster support for new schemes by putting the public in the driving seat to choose where, and at what scale, projects can fit into local landscapes.