Gentleman’s constituency is the most beautiful part of England—I will leave that to him.
However, what he proposes sounds like a fantastic idea and I am happy to meet him to discuss it further.
We see huge potential for a whole range of renewables.
Those kinds of innovative projects—smaller scale as well—are what could deliver not just benefits for the system but real benefits for the communities that host them.
I call the Chair of the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
Moving from gas to electricity in home heating is an important part of reducing our reliance on fossil fuels.
Yet at the Select Committee hearing last week, we heard real concerns that people in energy debt are unable to disconnect from gas and are therefore still stuck paying standing charges.
Will the Minister say what the Government’s plans are to remove that problem and ensure that more people can take up the opportunities presented by electrifying home heat?
My hon.
Friend makes two important points.
First, on the importance of decarbonising heating across the country, the electrification of home heat will be an important way of delivering cheaper bills for people and reaching our decarbonisation targets.
Secondly, on the important matter of debt, I know the Minister for Energy Consumers has been doing work with Ofgem, and we have been looking at a debt relief scheme for exactly those sorts of questions.
Clearly, we want to support as many households as possible to move on to cheaper heating in the long term.
We will continue to push forward that work.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
Change in the language by the UK Government on the Moroccan autonomy plan paves the way for a bright new future between the two kingdoms.
Does the Minister therefore feel that the time is right to finally make a decision on the UK-Morocco power project that could potentially add 8% of the UK’s grid requirements and clean energy for the future?
The right hon.
Gentleman and I have discussed this in the House before.
He is right to point out that we see an important partnership with Morocco across our economy, and we have outlined more of that in the last few days.
The proposal he discusses is from a private company and, like the previous Government, we have been looking at it.
We will say more in due course.
A very happy birthday to you, Mr Speaker.
Given the enormous potential for renewable energy generation across Scotland, including in my constituency, does the Minister recognise that accelerating community-owned energy projects and, crucially, improving local transmission infrastructure would not only reduce fossil fuel reliance, but deliver direct economic benefits to local people?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, representing, as he does, a beautiful part of Scotland and one with huge potential for such schemes.
That is why Great British Energy announced £4 million of funding for community energy projects in Scotland, working with the Scottish Government to drive those forward.
We see, as my hon.
Friend rightly points out,  the huge benefits not just of delivering clean power, but of the social and economic value for the communities that host it.
We are clear that community-owned energy has huge untapped potential and huge benefits for communities.
We want to see much more of it, and Great British Energy will help deliver it.
Happy birthday, Mr Speaker.
I thank the Minister for his response on reducing the reliance on fossil fuels; no more backing for oil and gas is essential for protecting our children’s futures.
However, that positive change requires a plan to future-proof British industries that works for everyone, particularly those who are currently working in those high-carbon sectors.
Will the Minister and his colleagues commit to publishing an energy jobs plan for how those workers can be supported in that transition, particularly around being provided with retraining opportunities?