and learned Gentleman can rest assured that we are continuing to expand that coalition of support, because the security of navigation and shipping impacts all countries, wherever they might be, not just in the Red sea.
All of us have seen the consequences of the war in Ukraine on energy bills across the European continent and beyond, so I think people are very alive to the interconnectedness of the global economy and the importance of protecting freedom of navigation everywhere.
On the legal advice, my understanding was that we had published or were imminently about to publish a summary of the legal advice—I can happily give the right hon.
and learned Gentleman that confirmation.
I can also confirm to him that the basis for action remains the same as it was last time, but an update to that effect has been published or will shortly be published by the Attorney General.
Lastly, I will touch on the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s broader point.
He is right to highlight the malign influence of Iran in the region.
Obviously, we do not comment on ongoing decisions or processes relating to the proscription of organisations, but he can rest assured that we are alive to the risk and working closely with our allies, particularly the United States and our European allies, to jointly work out the most effective way of countering that influence.
As I have said, the Foreign Secretary spoke to his counterpart last week, and we will continue to use all measures at our disposal to protect ourselves.
We passed the National Security Act 2023 here in the UK and have already sanctioned the IRGC in its entirety.
More generally, on the specific action we have taken, I again thank the right hon.
and learned Gentleman for his support.
We have taken limited, proportionate and, I believe, necessary action in self-defence.
We will always reserve the right to do that to protect innocent lives and freedom of navigation.
Our desired outcome, of course, is for the Houthis to desist and to de-escalate the situation.
What they are doing is unacceptable and illegal, and the onus should be on them to stop it.
But we will use all levers at our disposal, including diplomacy and sanctions, to achieve that objective.
I call the Chair of the Defence Committee.
I welcome what my right hon.
Friend says about diplomatic and humanitarian efforts, and indeed cutting off the supply of arms.
I particularly welcome what he says about the effectiveness of the strikes that have already taken place.
However, does he agree that in order to protect civilian shipping, this may need to be a prolonged and persistent targeted campaign alongside our allies?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his question.
I want to be absolutely clear that no decision has been taken to embark on a sustained campaign of the nature that he mentioned—these were limited strikes, specifically in response to threats that we perceived—but we do reserve the right to take action in self-defence, as I have said.
Crucially, the military action is just one part of a broader strategy, including diplomacy, sanctions and other things; we will use all levers to bring about an end to the disruption and the illegality that the Houthis are causing.
I call the leader of the Scottish National party.
Freedom of navigation is not a choice: it is a necessity, not least because of the impact there could be on all the people we are very fortunate to represent.
As such, as a point of principle it is fair for the Government to use proportionate and robust action to defend that right to freedom of navigation.
However, all of us in this Chamber need  to be mindful of the opponent that we face in this  regard.