We are working with the General Medical Council, the British Medical Association and others to ensure that the regulations are fit for the purpose.
We look forward to the GMC launching its consultation on the fine print of the regulations very soon.
As my constituents have to travel to Tamworth, Burton or Derby for diagnostic tests, can I encourage the Secretary of State to look favourably on a bid for a new much-needed community diagnostic centre in South Derbyshire?
I thank my hon.
Friend sincerely for her question.
The good news is that community diagnostic centres have now delivered over 6 million additional tests and scans since July 2021 thanks to the hard work of NHS staff, but I will of course be delighted to meet her to discuss her plans for her local constituency.
New British Heart Foundation analysis shows that the number of people dying before the age of 75 in England from heart and circulatory diseases has risen to its highest level in over a decade.
The rate of premature deaths from cardiovascular disease has now increased in England for three years back to back.
Why are the Government taking such a long time to get to grips with this crisis?
The NHS long-term plan commits to a number of key ambitions to improve care and outcomes for individuals suffering from cardiovascular disease, including enhanced diagnostic support in the community, better personalised planning, and increasing access to cardiac rehabilitation.
Those ambitions will support the delivery of the aim to prevent 150,000 heart attacks, strokes and dementia cases by 2029.
The single biggest concern my constituents raise about healthcare is access to GPs, especially in Blackrod and Westhoughton.
What more can my right hon.
Friend do to ensure we have better GP access?
I am pleased to tell my hon.
Friend that our NHS long-term plan sets out a real-terms increase of at least £4.5 billion a year for primary and community care by 2023-24.
We now have over 2,000 more full-time equivalent GPs working in our NHS, and we have had the amazing achievement of more than 50 million more appointments per year, beating our target several months early.
Things are improving significantly, and there are many more measures I would be delighted to talk to him privately about.
In the NHS in Cheshire and Merseyside between April and June last year, the 62-day cancer waiting time target was not met.
If the target had been achieved, around 150 extra patients would have been treated on time.
What would the Secretary of State like to say to those 150 patients?
The 62-day backlog has fallen by 27% since its peak in May 2020.
We know there is more to be done, and that is why we are bringing forward more measures as early as possible.
In April 2023, more than nine in 10 patients—90%—started their first cancer treatment within one month of a decision to treat.
Many of my constituents who use Regis Medical Centre have been left angry and frustrated by the botched implementation of an Anima booking system, leading to them being unable to get an appointment or the treatment they need.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can learn the lessons from that botched implementation and make sure trust in that GP surgery is restored?
Yes, happy to.
I recently met the staff of a pharmacy in Bruton in my constituency to hear about some of the challenges it is facing.
Community pharmacists are dispensing some of the country’s most widely prescribed drugs at a loss, therefore subsidising the NHS.
What steps is the Secretary of State’s Department taking to prevent the closure of community pharmacists?
We are ensuring that community pharmacists have an even greater role in primary care than they have already.
For example, we saw the first stage of the roll-out of Pharmacy First in December, with blood pressure checks and contraceptive care being rolled out.