I know this is an important issue for the hon.
Lady in her role as chair of the sickle cell and thalassaemia all-party parliamentary group.
We are working hard to provide the best possible care to those living with sickle cell disease.
That includes boosting Ro subtype blood donation numbers, identifying improvements in clinical pathways and delivering world-leading treatments, such as the new blood-matching genetic test announced by NHS England yesterday, which will reduce the risk of side effects and offer more personalised care.
I congratulate NHS England on the launch of the new blood-matching genetic test for sickle cell patients, but it has been more than two years since the “No One’s Listening” report, which made the key recommendation that sickle cell patients receive pain relief within 30 minutes of attending accident and emergency.
Why is that still not happening for sickle cell patients, and would the Minister like to meet me and the Sickle Cell Society to discuss how to achieve that?
I of course would be happy to meet the hon.
Lady and the Sickle Cell Society to look at how we can improve patient experiences and ensure that all patients benefit from timely access to the medications they need.
I am delighted that she welcomes yesterday’s announcement.
It is an example of how the NHS can bring forward world-firsts and is leading the way to transform patient care and improve patient outcomes.
What steps her Department is taking to increase access to urgent and emergency care.
Almost a year ago, we published our urgent and emergency care recovery plan.
The NHS has already halved the waiting times for category 2 ambulances and brought down waits in A&E. We are determined to cut NHS waits, and our plan is working.
Rugby is one of the fastest growing places in the UK.
While we have had additional services introduced at our local Hospital of St Cross, my constituents have insufficient accident and emergency provision.
Thousands of local residents have signed my petition for doctor-led accident and emergency care at the Hospital of St Cross.
I know it is a matter for the integrated care board, but will the Minister give her support?
As a previous Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Colchester (Will Quince)  and the previous Secretary of State have visited in the past few months, and I invite this Minister to do likewise.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his invitation.
He has been a tireless campaigner on this issue on behalf of his constituents.
The future of healthcare is about getting people the care that they need, where they need it and when they need it, and Rugby is no different.
New local NHS services are bringing care closer to home in his area, such as the new imaging unit at the Hospital of St Cross that opened in September.
Access to urgent and emergency care can be greater facilitated when greater protection is offered to staff, particularly the many who suffer attacks in emergency departments at hospitals across the United Kingdom—often by people who are intoxicated.
The hon.
Member makes an important point.
The safety of our staff in the national health service is important, including those in urgent and emergency care departments, as well as the ambulance services.
He is absolutely right to point that out, and it is never acceptable for anyone, including patients, to be violent towards staff.
What steps she is taking to increase access to mental health services.
We are investing a record amount in NHS mental health services, committing £2.3 billion extra a year for the expansion and transformation of services in England, which will enable 2 million more people to access mental health support.
If only the reality was that rosy.
The entire sector is calling out for reform of the Mental Health Act 1983.