Through the investment we are putting in, particularly in the hon.
Lady’s local area, there are a number of initiatives to help support children and young people with their mental health.
The Sandbox scheme, which is a funded NHS service, supports those in the south Staffordshire area; Malachi provides family support across Tamworth and east Staffordshire; and Combined Wellbeing, which is an online resource, covers north Staffordshire.
There is also the Family Wellbeing Service, Action for Children for those aged five to 18 with mild to moderate mental health needs, and the Staffordshire Emotional Health and Wellbeing Service for those aged five to 18.
I would recommend that the hon.
Lady’s constituents look up those services, because we are funding them to improve mental health care for children in her local area.
The agony and damage of undiagnosed and untreated mental health conditions is nowhere more acute than in rural areas, where we see an epidemic of silent suffering.
The Norfolk and Suffolk NHS Foundation Trust has long struggled with a series of management problems.
I am sure the Minister has seen the recent report highlighting that between 2019 and 2022, we saw over 8,500 avoidable deaths—that is nearly 45 a week.
Will she agree to meet  me, other Norfolk and Suffolk MPs, and those affected to look at what is really going on here and make sure that we turn that trust into a beacon of the best mental health services, rather than the worst?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
We were holding regular meetings with Norfolk and Suffolk MPs, the trust, the Care Quality Commission and NHS England, and with the new management team, that trust did appear to finally be turning things around.
However, I am concerned to hear the points that my hon.
Friend has raised.
I am very happy to restart those meetings and will ask my office to arrange them as quickly as possible.
What steps she is taking to increase staff recruitment and retention in the adult social care sector.
Care is a skilled profession, and I want care workers to get the support and recognition they deserve.
This month, we took the next step in our ambitious care workforce reforms, publishing the first ever national career structure for the care workforce alongside our new nationally recognised care qualification.
Ambitious care workforce reforms—it is all blah, isn’t it?
We have had 14 years of Conservative Government, and we have a crisis in every area of the NHS.
Job insecurity, poor working conditions and low pay—one in five care workers is living in poverty—are all reasons why we have a recruitment and retention crisis in social care.
Is not the truth that that is a damning indictment of 14 years of Conservative Government, and the only thing that is going to sort out social care and the crisis in recruitment and retention is a general election?
I am actually really shocked by the way the hon.
Member referred to the care workforce, with terms like “It is all blah”—very shocking.
I am determined that care workers should get the recognition they deserve.
We have a 10-year plan for social care, and it is working: the care workforce grew by over 20,000 last year, vacancies in social care are down, and retention is up.
We are reforming social care so that it works as a career.
That is why, as I said a moment ago—I wish the hon.
Member had been listening—we have introduced the first ever career pathway for social care workers and a new national care qualification.
I call the shadow Minister.
But according to Care England and Hft, 54% of social care providers have increased their reliance on agency staff; 44% have turned down new admissions; and 18% have had to close services altogether.