Why will the Minister not take a shred of responsivity for the chaos that her party has caused our NHS?
The last Labour Government achieved the shortest waits and the highest patient satisfaction in NHS history.
The Conservatives have delivered the longest waits and the lowest patient satisfaction in history.
Let us have that general election, so that she can defend her abysmal record to the public.
The hon.
Gentleman obviously was not listening to my answer; in fact, he was reading aloud.
Our urgent and emergency care plan is working.
It is reducing rates in A&E, and ambulances are getting to people faster.
Meanwhile, I am sorry to say that in the Labour-run NHS in Wales, more than half of patients are waiting more than four hours in A&E.
What steps is the Minister taking to ascertain the cause of ongoing problems affecting access to riluzole, the only licensed drug for the treatment of motor neurone disease in the UK, to provide clarity to the MND community and ensure that normal supply is restored as soon as possible?
We understand how worrying the possibility of medication shortages can be.
There is a supply issue with riluzole 50 mg tablets, caused by a supplier experiencing manufacturing issues.
We have a  well-established procedure in place to deal with such issues, and are working with the industry, the NHS and others to resolve it as quickly as possible.
We have contacted alternative suppliers and have secured sufficient volumes of stock.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
Cancer Research UK has found that too much UV radiation is the third biggest cause of cancer across these isles.
Does the Secretary of State recognise that cost is a barrier for people wishing to protect their skin from the sun, and will she commit to having conversations with Cabinet colleagues to remove VAT on sun protection products, which will help protect NHS budgets and ultimately save lives?
We see that as part of a much wider campaign to ensure that we treat the sun safely, by reducing the amount of time we spend in the sun, particularly during peak hours of the day in summertime.
I keep all these discussions in play with my Treasury colleagues.
Rural constituencies such as mine are seeing a growing number of dentists withdraw from NHS provision.
What steps is the Department taking to ensure that vital dental care is provided for everyone, particularly in rural communities?
My hon.
Friend is a great advocate for her community, and I pay tribute to her for working with determination to see more access to dentistry in Cornwall.
She is right to do so.
We have a plan, which is almost ready.
I urge her to wait just a little longer.
She, like all colleagues across the House, will see significant and real measures to improve access to dentistry.
NHS staff have expressed concerns about the Anaesthesia Associates and Physician Associates Order 2024.
Can the Minister tell me if resource will be needed for AAs and PAs to be properly supervised by doctors on a one to one ratio?
Will he meet trade unions and professional bodies as a matter of urgency to clarify the Government’s position on this hugely important public health issue?
PAs and AAs are an essential part of the reform piece to the long-term workforce plan.
I note that the order was passed by the House last night without a Division, so I am grateful for that cross-party support.
We are working with the General Medical Council, the British Medical Association and others to ensure that the regulations are fit for the purpose.
We look forward to the GMC launching its consultation on the fine print of the regulations very soon.
As my constituents have to travel to Tamworth, Burton or Derby for diagnostic tests, can I encourage the Secretary of State to look favourably on a bid for a new much-needed community diagnostic centre in South Derbyshire?