What is the strategic approach and intent to comprehensively reduce the threat that we face from all the proxies and allies, so that we do not end up playing whack-a-mole?
Have we seen any opportunism from al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula or Daesh, who are also on the ground in Iran?
Finally, as the Prime Minister touched on Gaza-Israel, please may I reiterate my request for the UK to launch a contact group for Palestine, so that we can launch track 2 negotiations to get some progress towards stability and a two-state solution?
The behaviour of the Iranian regime, including the actions of the IRGC, poses a significant threat to the safety and security of the  United Kingdom and our allies, particularly given Iran’s direct threats against people here in the UK, as well as its destabilising influence in the region.
We are alive to the threat, which is why we have already sanctioned more than 400 Iranian individuals, including the IRGC in its entirety.
The National Security Act 2023 provides new measures for our police and security services to counter the hostile influence that we see.
The Foreign Secretary spoke to his Iranian counterpart last week, and we will continue that diplomacy this week.
As I pointed out in my statement, we have previously interdicted the supply of Iranian missiles being smuggled to the Houthis, last year and the year before.
We need to ensure that we work with our allies to do that, because the flow of those weapons to the Houthis is critical to their ability to carry out these attacks.
Working with our allies, we should try to do everything we can to stop that.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrat party.
I thank the Prime Minister for his statement.
As I made clear last week, the Liberal Democrats accept the case for limited strikes against the Houthis, as long as they remain limited.
As the Prime Minister updates the House for the second time on this matter, there is remarkably little clarity about what the next steps are and when the UK’s objectives will be judged to have been fulfilled.
Nor has the Prime Minister sufficiently addressed how he plans to avoid regional escalation in this most fragile of regions.
I thank him for agreeing that the House can debate this matter tomorrow, but will he not give the House the opportunity to vote on this matter, not least given the huge cross-party support for limited strikes?
That would surely strengthen the signal he intends to give.
What is escalatory is the Houthis ramping up attacks on commercial shipping, launching missiles and drones against US and UK warships, and threatening allied bases in the region.
I have been very clear that military action was a last resort.
We provided warning after warning, including with allies and at the UN Security Council.
The Houthis had, and continue to have, the ability to prevent this by stopping their illegal attacks.
As I pointed out earlier, there are also risks to inaction because it would damage international security and the global economy, and send a message that British vessels, lives and interests are fair game, none of which I think is acceptable.
I am pleased that the House will have an opportunity to debate the matter tomorrow but, as I said, we reserve the right to take action in a limited, proportionate and legal way in self-defence.
That is the right thing and the country would expect nothing less from the Government.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s statement and action.
On the issue of Iran, can he say what contingency planning has been done in the eventuality that Houthi attacks in the Red sea are followed up by IRGC attacks in the Persian gulf?
My right hon.
Friend is right to point out the link between Iran and the Houthis.
We are alive to that and I discussed it with President Biden last  night.