If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Women’s health needs are often overlooked and under-researched.
Through our women’s health strategy, the Government are changing that.
Last year, we made menopause a priority, helping almost half a million women get hormone replacement therapy for less than £20 a year.
This year, we are building on that work and will have a women’s health hub in every integrated care board area in England.
We will promote research into conditions that only affect women, such as endometriosis and lobular breast cancer, and those that affect women differently from men, such as heart attack symptoms.
We have also launched the first research challenge—worth £50 million—to tackle maternity disparities that have no place in modern Britain.
Following the brave campaigns of my hon.
Friends the Members for Hyndburn (Sara Britcliffe) and for Stafford (Theo Clarke), by March we will make dedicated maternal mental and physical healthcare available to every woman in England.
I recently met two constituents with experience of invasive lobular breast cancer.
Invasive lobular carcinoma is the second most common form of breast cancer, but it is not generally picked up by mammograms, and it behaves differently from other breast cancers.
However, lobular breast cancer has been understudied and underfunded, and it urgently needs research funding.
Will the Secretary of State tell the House what specific actions her Government are taking to address those gaps?
Will she also reply to the Lobular Moon Shot Project, to which she—
Order.
This is topical questions.
I gently remind the hon.
Lady about the statement that I just gave.
Last week we held the women’s health summit, at which I announced that we are encouraging research into conditions such as lobular breast cancer.
I made that announcement because of two amazing women I met recently who were living with the condition.
They were introduced to me by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Horsham (Sir Jeremy Quin)  and my right hon.
Friend—
Order.
I am waiting for the reply.
Order.
Please can I just say that these are topicals?
I have got to get through a big list, and lots of Members are standing.
We need short, punchy questions, and the same with answers.
I have been carrying out a health survey of thousands of residents in Harrogate and Knaresborough, to ask them for their experiences and views of the NHS.
I will share the results with local healthcare professionals, to support them and their work.
When the results are in, will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how they will help inform and shape our local healthcare planning ?
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that.
As always, he is an excellent advocate for his constituency, and I will enjoy listening to the results of his survey.
I call the shadow Minister.
Mike Reader, Labour’s candidate for Northampton South, shared with me the horrific experience of Stanley, who had severe abdominal pain and called an ambulance, only to be told it would take hours and to go to A&E. There, he was told to wait for assessment on a patio chair outside.
It was 3°.
Who is to blame?
I am very sorry to hear of the experience of that specific constituent.
Because of challenges that the NHS faces, particularly our urgent and emergency care services, almost a year ago we set out our urgent and emergency care recovery plan, to speed up care for people in A&E and reduce waits.
That plan is working.
We are seeing ambulances get to people quicker, and people treated quicker in A&E.
That is not a one-off.
Why will the Minister not take a shred of responsivity for the chaos that her party has caused our NHS?
The last Labour Government achieved the shortest waits and the highest patient satisfaction in NHS history.
The Conservatives have delivered the longest waits and the lowest patient satisfaction in history.