We need every tool at our disposal to disrupt IRGC activities, and we must show Iran that it cannot pursue its ends by destabilising the entire region.
Like the Prime Minister, I totally reject the Houthi claims that attacking ships from around the world is somehow linked to the conflict in Gaza.
These attacks do absolutely nothing for the Palestinian people.
What is needed in Gaza is a humanitarian truce now, a   sustainable ceasefire to stop the killing of innocent civilians, space for the return of all hostages, urgent humanitarian relief and a decisive step towards a two-state solution.
Palestinian statehood is the inalienable right of the Palestinian people; it is not in the gift of a neighbour.
Does the Prime Minister agree that a secure Israel alongside a viable Palestinian state is the only path to a just and lasting peace?
We must stop those who sow division; we must do what we can to disrupt and deter the Houthis; and we must stay united and steadfast in defence of our values, our security and our right to self-defence.
Labour will always act in the national interest, and we provide our full support for these necessary and proportionate strikes.
I thank the Leader of the Opposition for his statement and his support—I am grateful to him for that.
He raises all the right questions about the action today, which I am happy to answer.
First, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman asked about the effectiveness of strikes in deterring and precisely degrading capability.
I am pleased to tell him that further evidence, after the initial statement I made last week, has demonstrated to us that the strikes last week were effective in degrading capability and all the intended targets were destroyed.
I am also pleased to say that our initial evidence from last night’s strikes is also that all intended targets were destroyed, which demonstrates to us that, working with our allies, who have the same view, the strikes are working to degrade capability, even though, as the right hon.
and learned Gentleman said, there may be a difference between reducing and eliminating.
We are confident that what we are doing is working to degrade capability.
The targets are specifically selected on the basis of intelligence; they are military sites that impact the security and safety of seafarers and shipping.
To that end, I am confident that, as I said, the strikes are being carried out in a way that is effective in achieving their aim.
I thank the right hon.
and learned Gentleman for acknowledging that the strikes sit within a wider strategy in the region to bring about an end to what we are seeing.
The Foreign Secretary will be in the region this week, engaging extensively with our partners and allies on all the topics that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman raised, and particularly ensuring that we can continue to make progress on a sustainable peace in Yemen.
No doubt the Foreign Secretary will talk to our Saudi partners about that and, crucially, broaden the coalition of support for the action we have taken.
As I pointed to in my statement, multiple statements have been made by a wide coalition of countries from around the world in support of action.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman can rest assured that we are continuing to expand that coalition of support, because the security of navigation and shipping impacts all countries, wherever they might be, not just in the Red sea.
All of us have seen the consequences of the war in Ukraine on energy bills across the European continent and beyond, so I think people are very alive to the interconnectedness of the global economy and the importance of protecting freedom of navigation everywhere.
On the legal advice, my understanding was that we had published or were imminently about to publish a summary of the legal advice—I can happily give the right hon.