Lady is absolutely right to point that out.
Emma has my absolute sympathy and apology for the fact that since the covid pandemic we have not seen the recovery of dentistry that we would have liked.
I can tell her that in July 2022 we brought in significant reforms to encourage dentists to take on more NHS patients, but we recognise the need to do more.
The long-term workforce plan will increase training places and the overseas registration will improve capacity, as will the changes to dental therapists’ programmes.
All those things will improve the situation, but in the meantime we will be bringing forward our recovery plan very soon, which will immediately expand the incentives to NHS dentists.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce pressure on NHS services in winter 2023-24.
Our plan includes opening 5,000 more beds, increasing ambulance capacity, expanding innovative services such as virtual wards and bringing forward covid and flu vaccinations for the most vulnerable.
Thanks to the hard work of staff, NHS performance this winter has improved on last year, despite the impact of industrial action.
I am sure the caveat to that was the word “shortly”.
I have had constituents contact me in desperation regarding delays at Pinderfields Hospital in my constituency.
They tell me they have waited hours in emergency care this winter for routine blood tests—literally all day in some cases—even while in extremely poor health.
The Tories’ patchwork reforms and sticking-plaster politics are not fooling anyone.
Does the Secretary of State not think that those dangerously long waiting times are a damning indictment of 14 years of Conservative mismanagement?
What does she say to my constituents who are suffering right now?
I am sure that the hon.
Gentleman is a fair man, and that, being so, he will point out to his constituents, when they call him with their issues, that ambulance response times for category 2 emergency incidents in his local area have in fact been over 30 minutes faster than last year.
However, we accept of course that this is a two-year plan and will take time to meet our full ambitions.
Interestingly, the latest figures show that we have provided £6.9 million from the community diagnostic centres fund for the development of a community diagnostic centre at Wakefield.
Presumably he welcomes that Conservative innovation.
I call the Chair of the Health and Social Care Committee.
The pressure on services is acute this winter, as it is every year.
So far, we have heard very little mention in these 20 minutes of the biggest headache facing trusts, integrated care boards, patients and, of course, the Prime Minister’s pledge to cut the waiting lists further.
Given that the British Medical Association ballot on consultants’ action closes today, and that the dispute among doctors in training continues, can the Secretary of State update the House on her message to those voting today, and on where we are in wider industrial disputes, which are a drag anchor on the NHS right now?
My hon.
Friend is right to point out that we are in the final few hours of the consultants’ ballot on the pay reform programme that we have offered the British Medical Association.
I very much hope that consultants will feel able to support that programme, because it is about bringing together the frankly quite bureaucratic system that they have to deal with at the moment, so that they are assessed in a shorter time with less bother and paperwork, while respecting their need to train and keep up their education and supporting professional activities commitments.
I hope that they will agree with us on that.
As I have said to the junior doctors committee from this Dispatch Box, should they return with reasonable expectations, we will, of course, reopen negotiations.
I call the shadow Minister.