We are investing a record amount in NHS mental health services, committing £2.3 billion extra a year for the expansion and transformation of services in England, which will enable 2 million more people to access mental health support.
If only the reality was that rosy.
The entire sector is calling out for reform of the Mental Health Act 1983.
With our mental health services in crisis, why did the Government scrap the long-awaited  and overdue mental health Bill, which could have started to alleviate pressures on trusts by reducing the numbers of people detained inappropriately and making services more fit for purpose?
Is it not true that we need a Labour Government to take action on this issue?
It is going to be a long year.
I have news for the hon.
Gentleman, because we have a plan and it is working.
Our investment of £143 million into crisis support is showing early evidence of reducing admissions—admissions are 8% lower.
With the crisis telephone services, which are available 24/7, we have admissions down 12%.
More importantly, detentions under the Mental Health Act are 15% lower.
We have a plan, and it is working.
What recent progress her Department has made on reducing the number of people with a learning disability in in-patient units.
We have made progress against our target to reduce learning disability and autism in-patient numbers in England by 50% since 2015.
For people with a learning disability without an autism diagnosis, there has been a 58% net reduction; for people with a learning disability who are autistic, the net reduction is 35%.
I thank the Secretary of State for that comprehensive answer.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group for disability, I have been hearing from organisations such as Mencap that remain concerned that people with learning difficulties are disproportionately detained for five to 10 years and for over 10 years.
Will she reassure those organisations that the “Building the right support” action plan will continue to progress the great work that is being done?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her interest and, of course, her many years working as a clinical psychologist.
She brings that experience to the Chamber.
National commissioning guidance to integrated care boards was published in November.
It sets out that a mental health in-patient stay for a person with a learning disability
“should be for the minimum time possible, for assessment and/or treatment which can only be provided in hospital”.
In overseeing implementation of the action plan going forwards, the “Building the right support” delivery board will maintain focus on quality of care and on reducing long stays.
It is vital for the Government to do more to move autistic people and people with learning disabilities out of in-patient units and back to their communities.
Recently, in the trial of staff at Whorlton Hall, we saw staff who were cruel and uncaring.
Delivering sentences, the judge said that Whorlton Hall was an
“unpredictable and…frightening place to live”.
Is it not time for the Government to close down those units and move the majority of people into the community?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising that point.
We were all dismayed and upset to see the experiences of residents in those units, and we saw the correct criminal outcomes—if I am allowed to say that—for those involved in those assaults.
A review is going on as to how those issues are affecting the estate as a whole, but we are clear that in-patient stays should happen only when they are strictly necessary.
We must be mindful that clinicians will be taking many situations into account, including not just the safety of the patient but the safety of the wider community.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Women’s health needs are often overlooked and under-researched.
Through our women’s health strategy, the Government are changing that.