Member had been listening—we have introduced the first ever career pathway for social care workers and a new national care qualification.
I call the shadow Minister.
But according to Care England and Hft, 54% of social care providers have increased their reliance on agency staff; 44% have turned down new admissions; and 18% have had to close services altogether.
Labour’s fair pay agreements will ensure that staff in the sector are treated with the dignity and respect that will make them want to stay, but after 14 years, why do Ministers not have a proper plan to address the workforce crisis facing adult social care?
Is it because it is a crisis of their making?
We have a plan for the social care workforce, and it is working.
The social care workforce increased by over 20,000 last year, and it is still going up.
But I will take no lectures from the hon.
Member.
In fact, his hon.
Friend  the Member for Bristol South (Karin Smyth) , early this morning on television, made it clear that Labour does not have a plan for social care—or if it does, it is clear that it will cost a lot of money and is yet another unfunded Labour plan.
What steps she is taking to help improve men’s health.
I assure my right hon.
Friend that this Government are committed to improving men’s health.
That is why, in November, we announced a suite of measures, including a £16 million fund for a new prostate cancer screening trial, and the recruitment of a men’s health ambassador.
We have also launched our men’s health taskforce to tackle the biggest health issues facing men.
I thank the Minister for that answer, and I would urge her to continue to make men’s health a top priority.
In particular, can she look at how we can detect prostate cancer better and sooner?
It is the most common cause of male cancer in the United Kingdom, and anything that can be done to reduce that number will be most welcome.
I thank my right hon.
Friend and male colleagues on the Government Benches, including my hon.
Friend  the Member for Don Valley (Nick Fletcher) , who are fighting so hard to improve men’s health.
He is absolutely right: 12,000 men a year die from prostate cancer.
That is why we are investing in the £16 million prostate cancer trial called Transform, using methods such as MRI to detect prostate cancer rather than PSA, which can be inaccurate.
Thousands of men will be recruited.
We are hoping that the trial will start in the spring, with recruitment in the autumn, including the recruitment of black men, who are disproportionately affected by prostate cancer.
Does the Minister agree, however, that the information she has just given about why screening for prostate cancer does not happen for men is based on a study that is 20 years old?
There are 12,000 deaths a year—it is the biggest killer among men, and the second biggest killer among all people—yet here is this evil cancer for which there is no screening programme whatsoever.
Will she take steps to update current NHS guidance to ensure that all those at high risk of prostate cancer receive a targeted early detection service?
I think she has hinted that she may be doing that, but will she finally introduce mass screening for prostate cancer?
It is the only cancer without specifically commissioned early diagnosis work, and men are dying unnecessarily because of the failure to bring this in.
We have more than hinted: we have just announced a £16 million pilot study of prostate cancer screening.
We have a plan to tackle those 12,000 deaths a year, and it will work, because until now  we have not had a diagnostic test.
PSA is not a sensitive test in all prostate cancers: there are many men with prostate cancer who do not express PSA.