Member for Lewes (Maria Caulfield) , shortly to work out how we can operationalise what is her clear ambition.
I thank my right hon.
Friend and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bishop Auckland (Dehenna Davison)  for bringing two amazing women to talk to me about the impact of lobular cancer.
For the benefit of Members on both sides of the House, last week we sent out a “Dear colleague” letter and graphics about the women’s health strategy so that we can all help our constituents to understand what this Conservative Government are doing to ensure that the healthcare of women is faster, simpler and fairer.
Overnight, at my order, the Royal Air Force engaged in a second wave of strikes against Houthi military targets in Yemen.
We did so because we continue to see, for instance in intelligence, an ongoing and imminent threat from the Houthis to UK commercial and military vessels and to those of our partners in the Red sea and the wider region.
I told the House last week that we would not hesitate to respond if the acts continued, in order to protect innocent lives and preserve the freedom of navigation, and that is what we have done.
We acted alongside the United States, with support from Australia, Bahrain, Canada and the Netherlands.
We acted on the same basis as on  11 January —fully in line with international law, in self-defence and in response to a persistent threat—and, and as with the first wave, the strikes were limited to carefully selected targets, with maximum care taken to protect civilian lives.
Attempting to counter every Houthi attack after it has been launched is simply not sustainable.
We have already shot down dozens of missiles and drones targeted at civilian vessels and at the Royal Navy, and the Houthis have conducted at least 12 further attacks on shipping since  11 January , including just last night, shortly before our strikes were conducted.
So we acted to further degrade their ability to mount such attacks.
Last week I gave the House our initial assessment of the first wave of strikes.
Since then, we have seen further evidence that they were successful in degrading the Houthis’ military capability.
Last night we hit two military sites just north of Sana’a, each containing multiple specific targets which the Houthis used to support their attacks on shipping.
I want to be very clear: we are not seeking a confrontation.
We urge the Houthis, and those who enable them, to stop these illegal and unacceptable attacks.
But if necessary, the United Kingdom will not hesitate to respond again in self-defence.
We cannot stand by and allow these attacks to go unchallenged.
Inaction is also a choice.
With that in mind, and given the persistent nature of the threat, it was important to update the House again today.
I listened carefully to right hon.
and hon.
Members last week, and we will give the House a chance for a full debate on our broader approach in the Red sea tomorrow.
We took extensive steps to address this threat to international security before taking military action.
We launched Operation Prosperity Guardian in December with over 20 other countries.
The international community issued repeated statements on  1 December ,  19 December ,  3 January  and  12 January  condemning the attacks and urging the Houthis to desist.
On  10 January , the United Nations Security Council passed a resolution demanding that they stop the attacks.
I think it is important to note that the internationally recognised Government of Yemen have also condemned the Houthis for their actions, accusing them of
“creating a conflict for propaganda”
serving only their own selfish ends.
As we saw in the House last week, Members are rightly keen to hear how this situation can be brought to an end.