For children who are home educated—a right that parents have, and we do not question that most do a very good job—it is vital that we know that the education they are provided with is suitable and that the children are safe.
As my right hon.
Friend the Schools Minister said, the motion conflates two separate things: the issue of persistent absence, which is when pupils miss 10% or more of their lessons, and the topic of home education for those who are not in school.
To take persistent absence first, the year the Government came to power, persistent absence was at 16.3%.
We got that down to 10.5% in 2015-16, and it averaged 10.9% in the five years prior to the pandemic.
It was during the pandemic that it rose significantly again to 22.5%.
The Government are taking wide-ranging action to tackle the matter.
We have already established 14 attendance hubs across 800 schools, reaching 400,000 pupils.
This term, we are more than doubling the number of hubs so that nearly 2,000 schools will be supported.
We are rolling out an attendance mentor pilot that we had in five areas to a further 10 areas, and that programme will reach around 10,000 children.
We have deployed 10 expert attendance advisers to support local authorities and school trusts.
We have developed a data tool that helps schools to understand the local trends and target their support, and we have strengthened our guidance to local authorities.
For the first time, schools are expected to have a member of the senior leadership team responsible for attendance.
Evidence suggests that the strategy is working.
There were 380,000 fewer persistently absent pupils in the past academic year, and in the last academic term overall absence was down to 6.8%, from 7.5% in the autumn term the year before.
That is all backed by a national communications campaign to remind parents that “moments matter, attendance counts”.
The campaign aims to encourage parents to realise that their child should attend school if they have a mild cough or cold and no fever or vomiting, and that mild anxiety can be made worse by a prolonged period of absence.
The campaign has been running across social media and the radio.
We are grateful to Sir Chris Whitty, the chief medical officer, for his letter reassuring school leaders that children should generally attend school if they have mild respiratory illnesses, because it is good for their wellbeing and a host of other things.
Of course, mental health challenges underpin some of the absence—something raised by  the hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Hessle (Emma Hardy) , among others.
That is why we have been rolling out  mental health support teams, which now cover 44% of pupils in schools and colleges and will cover 50% of those pupils by March 2025.
We are offering all state schools and colleges a grant to train a senior mental health lead, and we are pleased that 14,400 schools and colleges have already taken that up, covering seven schools in 10 for all state secondary schools.
There is then the related but separate issue of a register for those who are home educated.
I should declare that I served on the Education Committee when my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Harlow (Robert Halfon)  chaired it, and we produced a report that recommended a register for those not in school.
That remains a recommendation of the Education Committee.
That is the register that was in the Schools Bill referred to in the motion and for which we remain committed to legislating.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Meon Valley (Mrs Drummond)  has been doing great work to champion this issue, and I look forward to the outcome of the Second Reading of her Children Not in School (Registers, Support and Orders) Bill on  15 March .