That is the register that was in the Schools Bill referred to in the motion and for which we remain committed to legislating.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Meon Valley (Mrs Drummond)  has been doing great work to champion this issue, and I look forward to the outcome of the Second Reading of her Children Not in School (Registers, Support and Orders) Bill on  15 March .
Various points were raised in this debate and I will try and cover as many as possible.
The hon.
Members for Ellesmere Port and Neston (Justin Madders), for Somerton and Frome (Sarah Dyke) and for West Lancashire (Ashley Dalton) raised issues about the SEND system.
Our SEND and AP improvement plan is designed to address the issues that they raised about children being placed in suitable provision and in a timely manner.
We should not have children out of school for prolonged periods because they are unable to get their needs met.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chelmsford (Vicky Ford) , who I think is currently at her Westminster Hall debate, has introduced an important Bill, the School Attendance (Duties of Local Authorities and Proprietors of Schools) Bill, and I look forward to seeing its progress through the House.
The hon.
Member for Wirral South (Alison McGovern)  raised the topic of breakfast clubs, which we are funding in 2,700 schools.
Many schools already had a breakfast club, of course, and have had for some time, but we are funding 2,700.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for St Austell and Newquay (Steve Double)  raised the issue of fixed penalty notices.
Our guidance is clear that there should be a “support first” approach, but penalties are there to prevent court action from taking place.
I should say that 89% of the fixed penalty notices issued are for unauthorised term-time holidays, but I am happy to pick up that discussion with him.
My final point is this: I have watched the Labour party try to reinvent itself as the champion of children being in school, and many Labour Members have raised issues about the pandemic, which is where many of the problems stem from.
However, I remember their actions during that pandemic.
I remember how long it took them to say that schools were safe.
I remember the then Prime Minister standing here every week asking the Leader of the Opposition to say that schools were safe, and him not doing so.
I remember that when one of Labour’s union allies produced a statement saying that teachers should not be teaching a full timetable nor routinely marking work during that period, Labour said nothing to challenge it.
When that same union teamed up with other unions to produce a 200-point list of things they wanted to see before schools returned, the Labour party said nothing  to challenge them.
What was Labour’s big idea during the pandemic?
To go against the vaccination advice of the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation, which was that we should vaccinate by age, and instead vaccinate teachers—no other profession, just teachers—whatever their age.
Why?
Because the unions wanted that to happen.
In addition to the motion conflating two separate things, and in addition to this problem being worse in Labour-run Wales, like all problems are, we will not allow the Labour party to reinvent the history of their behaviour under this Leader of the Opposition.
They cannot blame the last Leader of the Opposition for that; it was under this Leader of the Opposition,  the right hon.
and learned Member for Holborn and St Pancras (Keir Starmer) .
It was this Government who did all they could to get children back to school during the pandemic, and it is this Government who are doing all they can to get children back to school now.
Question put.
I will give way to the hon.
Gentleman in a moment, because he knows more about this than many who have spoken.