There is then the technical problem in that Tata says it would be very difficult indeed to build an arc furnace next to a working blast furnace containing molten steel. [
Interruption.]
The hon.
Gentleman can shake his head, but that is what it is saying to us.
That is what it has said to us as a Government and that is why we find ourselves in the difficult, unpleasant and awful situation of having to choose between 3,000 people losing their jobs and 17,500 people losing their jobs. [
Official Report, Correction,  1 February 2024 , Vol.
744, c. 14MC.]
That is why we came to the decision we did.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support the children of alcohol-dependent parents.
May I start by wishing  the hon.
Member for Ilford North (Wes Streeting)  a speedy recovery?
We are taking a wide-ranging approach to alcohol harms.
Some £27 million has been invested in specialist alcohol care teams in a quarter of hospitals with the highest need, and we have published the first ever UK-wide clinical guidelines on harmful drinking and alcohol dependence, as well as providing around £300 million in funding to 75 local authorities through the family hubs and Start for Life programme.
Family hubs funded through that programme are encouraged to provide full wrap-around support for families, which may include alcohol support services.
To the Government’s credit, they are currently putting money into addiction services.
However, at the same time, there is no national strategy for children of alcohol-dependent parents.
That has not always been the case.
Between 2017 and 2021, there were local and national helpline services funded through a national strategy.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss this matter, as the children in these awful situations are some of the most vulnerable in society?
May I thank my hon.
Friend for her care and also for sharing her experiences on this subject?
Through the drugs strategy, we have committed an extra £532 million of funding over three years to improve alcohol and drug treatment services, with £15.7 million invested in Lancashire.
Last year, we saw a further £2.8 million invested nationally in line with guidance for the extra drugs strategy funding, which allows local authorities to fund targeted services for parents in need of treatment and support for their children and families.
I will, of course, be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this further.
rose—
Barry Sheerman, briefly—[Laughter.]
I have turned over a new leaf, Mr Speaker.
May I urge the Secretary of State to take this issue very seriously, to direct much more social media at young people and to get into schools the message about the real damage that can be done to the entire life of a child if the mother is drinking alcohol during pregnancy?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for bringing some insight into how we can best reach families.
Of course, it is not just mums, but fathers or carers who can have a huge impact on our children.
That is why the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for South Northamptonshire (Dame Andrea Leadsom) , is investing so much energy and commitment in our family hubs.
We believe that they can be the centre for families to make the very best start to a child’s life.
What recent progress her Department has made on supporting the timely discharge of patients from hospital into social care.
Discharging people on time is better for them and frees up hospital beds.
We are changing how our health system works to do that: joining up health and social care and care transfer hubs; helping people to recover at home, with more than 10,000 new virtual ward beds; and investing in social care.
And it is working.