1980. He consistently demonstrated servant leadership acumen by being elected to the New Orleans State Central Democratic Committee and Democratic National Convention as a delegate. From 2016 through 2021, it was an honor to have his support and insight as my trusted Advisor during my term as Louisiana State Senator. Mr. Jasper also was my trusted Advisor during my tenures at Councilman of District C in New Orleans, Louisiana from 1994 to 2002. Avid community leader Mr. Jasper can always be found helping others in the community, advising on business development, and providing referrals to resources. A pillar of Mr. Jasper's family upbringing is the biblical teachings regarding service to all God's children. As a young man and throughout most of his adult years, Mr. Jasper was a member of the Historic Second Baptist Church, serving as a Sanctuary choir member under Rev. Thomas Nelson Washington. A man dedicated to the will of God, he was regularly found in Sunday school, singing in the Choir and being a guest soloist on church programs across the city, and he continues to do so today. Currently, he worships at the First Agape Baptist Church, where he serves as a senior deacon and treasurer under the ministry of the Rev. Eddie M. Payne. Mr. Jasper loves to minister in song. He favors the older spirituaIs like ``I'll Tell it Wherever I Go'' and ``King Jesus Will Roll All Burdens Away'' but is most inspired by ``What a Blessing in Jesus I've Found.'' His favorite scripture is Romans 8:38-39 is his message to his children and grandchildren--``Be prayerful, have faith and trust in God, and let nothing separate you from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus.'' Mr. Jasper is the son of Samuel and Louise Jasper, devoted husband of Florence Harrell for 74 blessed years, and has reared three children, Gwendolyn Jasper Barnes, Nedra Jasper Alcorn, and the late Rev. Glenn Thomas Jasper. He is the proud grandfather of six grandchildren and doting great-grandfather of eight great-grandchildren. Mr. Jasper is a mighty man of service, and today, he continues to serve as my purpose-driven mentor and father figure. He has encouraged me through all of my dreams throughout my career. He is genuinely a patriarch to many who continue to cross his path and will always be a part of my journey as I lead the constituents of the 2nd Congressional District of Louisiana. He is my dear friend and mentor, and I hope to be the mentor to others as he has been for me. On this day, I wish my dear friend a Happy and Blessed Birthday, and may he see many more.