Friend brings real expertise, and I listened carefully to what he had to say.
We will consider those issues through the schools White Paper later this autumn.
The curriculum and assessment review is also under way, and it is considering all aspects of how we can make sure that young people have access to a broad and rich curriculum.
In addition, we know that poverty is a real barrier for so many children, and that is why I am delighted that this Labour Government are expanding free school meals eligibility, lifting 100,000 children out of poverty.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help reduce digital exclusion for people with communication disabilities.
The digital inclusion action plan, published in February, sets out plans to widen access to devices, drive digital upskilling, break down barriers to participation and support people in their own communities.
The plan highlights disabled people as one of five priority groups more likely to be digitally excluded, and the focus is therefore on them in particular.
A constituent contacted me specifically about the digital inclusion action plan, explaining that because of his voice disability, spasmodic dysphonia, he struggles to access essential services such as banking,  because automated phone systems could not understand his voice.
There is often no clear way of bypassing those systems, and alternatives like webchat are slow and ineffective.
This is a growing issue for many people with communication disabilities.
What steps is the Minister taking, with Cabinet colleagues, to ensure that services remain accessible, and will the issue be addressed through the action plan?
The hon.
Lady has raised some interesting points.
The action plan outlines five initial actions, including the establishment of an ambitious digital inclusion innovation fund.
I do not know whether some of those ideas could be used to address the concern that the hon.
Lady has raised, but we do want to be ambitious in all this.
In the “Pathways to Work” Green Paper, published a couple of months ago, we talked about assistive tech and the possibility of making it more widely available; maybe there are solutions there that could be taken forward.
I would be interested to talk to the hon.
Lady about what more we might do.
Three weeks ago, I had an opportunity to visit Harlow jobcentre, meet the fantastic work coaches there, and see the important work that they are doing to help people in Harlow get back into employment.
Digital inclusion was one of the issues that they raised.
Does the Minister agree that we need to look at how we can support people to get back to work, give them more face-to-face appointments, and help to provide training and digital skills when they need them?
My hon.
Friend is right.
It is important to ensure that the tech that is available in jobcentres is appropriate for people’s needs.
One element of the action plan is the launch this summer of an “IT reuse for good” charter, encouraging organisations to set up device donation schemes, because we think that they can play a helpful part as well.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to provide cross-Government support for women with endometriosis.
Given that women are waiting up to 10 years for an endometriosis diagnosis, we are committed to improving diagnosis, treatment and ongoing care for women with gynaecological conditions.
That includes approving two new pills to treat endometriosis this year, investing £5.6 million in much-need research, and taking action to cut gynaecology waiting lists through our elective reform plan.
This Government are committed to prioritising women’s health as we build an NHS that is fit for the future.
I know that my constituent Samantha, who asked me to as this question, will be grateful for the Minister’s reply.