That is why my new clause 122 is so important.
LGBT and disabled people tell me that they do not feel as safe as they used to.
We are seeing rising transphobia everywhere.
Pride flags are being taken down at county halls, and some politicians are openly questioning whether disabilities are even real.
I am proud that Labour, in our manifesto, committed to equalising our hate crime laws by making hate crimes against LGBT people and disabled people aggravated offences.
I am proud to be bringing  forward that change through new clause 122.
I hope that I can persuade all my parliamentary colleagues to support the new clause today, and to take this important step forward for equal rights.
I thank my hon.
Friends the Members for Burton and Uttoxeter (Jacob Collier) and for Penistone and Stocksbridge (Dr Tidball) for standing shoulder to shoulder with me throughout this process, and I urge the House to support the new clause.
As MPs, we receive a wide range of correspondence from constituents during some of the most difficult times in their lives, but the email that I received from Emma Johnson was perhaps one of the most harrowing that I have ever received.
It is because of Emma’s story that I have tabled new clause 51, and I will speak to it today.
On  18 November 2022 , Emma had just gone into labour with her youngest child.
Mother and child were okay when she received a call informing her that her parents had been tragically killed in a car crash.
The driver of the other vehicle had no licence and was uninsured.
On what was supposed to be one of the happiest days of Emma’s life, she instead had to identify the bodies of her parents, Ian and Gail.
When the case came to court, the driver of the other vehicle was charged with the lesser offence of causing death by careless driving, rather than by dangerous driving.
That produced the sentence available to the court, even though he was swerving in and out of traffic, and drove without a licence or insurance.
I put it to the House that this, by its very nature, is dangerous.
Since the verdict, Emma has been fighting—not for vengeance, but to make sure that no other family has to suffer the same injustice.
She has sought justice not just for her parents, but for other people who face the same heartbreak.
She is calling for a simple but vital change: any driver who kills while driving without a licence or insurance should automatically face the more serious offence of causing death by dangerous driving.
Today I say directly to Emma, who I know is watching, that I fundamentally agree with you.
Your dedication to the cause is commendable, and you are doing your late parents proud.
We know that road accidents happen, but if someone wilfully gets behind the wheel of a car when unlicensed and uninsured, and swerves in and out of traffic, that is not an accident; it is a dangerous choice to put others’ lives at risk.
New clause 51 would rightly treat such behaviour as seriously as driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol.
It would close a loophole in the current law and bring greater justice for victims.
If the new clause does not progress today, I ask the Minister to meet me and Emma to ensure that her campaign continues.
I thank the Chair of the Transport Committee for her comments.
She is right to recognise the excellent work that HS2 has done on skills and the workforce.
We have over 300,000 people working on this project at the moment, and I think that HS2 has done good work on opening up opportunities, whether through apprenticeships for the next generation or through the supply chain.
I will heed my hon.
Friend’s advice about learning from the speed and ease with which other countries deliver infrastructure projects.