I will not today pretend that the Network North plan was not a product of mistakes we made in the handling of HS2, because it clearly was.
As a country, we must learn from those mistakes and we must not repeat them.
On that note, and with your permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to express my gratitude to Mark Wild, the chief executive officer of HS2, for his continued efforts to support the delivery of the project.
Recognising his leadership in rescuing the Crossrail project in London, it was the noble Lord Harper—then Secretary of State for Transport—who appointed him to lead HS2 in May 2024.
We are all encouraged to see him playing a leading role in overseeing the correction and completion of the project, because his experience will be invaluable in helping to get it back on track.
I also welcome the appointment of Mike Brown as the new chairman of HS2 Ltd. Like the Secretary of State, I know him from my years in London politics, when he was commissioner of Transport for London.
He is a very capable man, and I wish him well in his new role.
The Secretary of State has informed the House of her intention to accept 89 recommendations of the independent review into HS2.
I have not yet seen a copy of that report, which I believe is being released today.
Although we will need to study those proposals carefully before confirming our support for them, I can assure the Secretary of State if they offer better value for taxpayers, we will back them.
The Secretary of State has also raised very serious concerns that taxpayers may have been defrauded by subcontractors.
I assure her that if that proves to be the case, I will share her anger, and will support whatever action is necessary to get to the bottom of those allegations.
I would request that she keeps the House informed as the investigations by HS2 and His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs progress.
Before I close, I would like to press the Secretary of State on a number of matters.
In recent weeks the Government have announced several projects that either are funded by Network North or align with its commitments.
However, we have yet to see a clear Government commitment to either fully support the Network North plan or scale it back.
Can the Secretary of State now provide a definitive update on which elements will proceed and which will be abandoned?
It has been reported that officials are considering a plan, backed by the Mayor of Greater Manchester, to build an “HS2-lite” track between Birmingham and Crewe.
Will she confirm whether those reports are true?
I will conclude by turning to the planning system more generally.
The whole House will recall that HS2 grappled with legal challenges, High Court proceedings and judicial reviews, all of which added delay and cost.
What assessment has the Secretary of State made of the extent to which legal challenges and judicial reviews delayed the delivery of HS2?
How can future infrastructure projects be protected from excessive or politically motivated litigation, and does the Secretary of State believe that sufficient action has been taken to prevent some of the more spurious concerns about such things as bats and newts obstructing future vital infrastructure projects?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his response, and indeed for the tone with which he made his comments.
I was pleased to hear him acknowledge that mistakes had been made on HS2 by the previous Government.
I think he described the path as not having been perfect—I would go so far as to say that it has been a shambolic mess.