Billions of pounds of taxpayers’ money has been wasted by constant scope changes, ineffective contracts and bad management.
There are also allegations that parts of the supply chain have been defrauding taxpayers, and I have been clear that those need to be investigated rapidly and rigorously.
If fraud is proven, the consequences will be felt by all involved.
I have to be honest: this is an appalling mess, but it is one that we will sort out.
We need to set targets that we can confidently deliver and that the public can trust, and that will take time, but rest assured that where there are inefficiencies, we will root them out; and where further ministerial interventions are needed, I will make them without fear or favour.
HS2 will finally start delivering on our watch.
Years of mismanagement and neglect have turned HS2 into a shadow of that vision put forward 15 years ago, but this Government were elected on a mandate to restore trust to our politics, and that is why we will not shirk away from this challenge and why today we turn the page on infrastructure failures.
I can think of no better mission than delivering new economic opportunities, new homes, commercial regeneration and an upskilled supply chain, all of which HS2 can still unlock, but no one should underestimate the scale of the reset required.
Passengers and taxpayers deserve new railways that the country can be proud of.
The work to get HS2 back on track is firmly under way under this Government, and I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I thank the Secretary of State for her statement and for updating the House on the initial findings of the HS2 reviews.
I also thank her for advance notice and a copy of her statement.
On the substance of the Secretary of State’s statement, I believe there is a broad consensus in this House on the central point that mistakes were made in the delivery of HS2.
As she noted, costs more than doubled, the project has been repeatedly delayed, and the pandemic completely changed travel patterns.
It undercut the assumptions that guided the original plans and caused construction costs to rise sharply across the world—by up to 40% in some cases—as a result of supply chain shortages as the world emerged from the crisis.
It has long been apparent that HS2 was not going according to plan.
In my first two years as a Member of this House, I sat on the Public Accounts Committee, then chaired by  the hon.
Member for Hackney South and Shoreditch (Dame Meg Hillier) .
In the summer of 2021, we published a report on HS2 that raised serious concerns in a number of areas and contained recommendations for how to improve the project.
In 2023, the previous Government conceded that HS2 was not going to plan and made fundamental changes to it.
The result was the cancellation of the northern leg of HS2 and the creation of the Network North plan.
Under that plan, £36 billion was to be diverted from the northern leg of HS2 to a multitude of transport projects that would benefit more people in more places and more quickly than the then Government believed the delivery of HS2 could.
However, we also recognise that the path we took to reach that point was not perfect—far from it.
I will not today pretend that the Network North plan was not a product of mistakes we made in the handling of HS2, because it clearly was.
As a country, we must learn from those mistakes and we must not repeat them.
On that note, and with your permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to express my gratitude to Mark Wild, the chief executive officer of HS2, for his continued efforts to support the delivery of the project.