Will the Minister take immediate action to ensure that exam boards fulfil their legal duty under the Equality Act 2010 to provide accessible examination materials, and urgently review Ofqual’s monitoring?
I am concerned to hear of the experience of the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent.
If he provides me with some information, I can make sure that this is properly investigated.
I was shocked to read recently that Ofsted found that 80% of teenage girls are being put under pressure to provide sexual images of themselves; they can be asked for these pictures multiple times a night.
What consideration will there be of social media in the wider strategy to tackle violence against women and girls?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
I share her concern about the issue and its impact on young women and girls.
That is why the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology is bringing forward further action to ensure that girls are protected from harm, and why later this year, we  will publish updated guidance on relationships, sex and health education to tackle all forms of misogyny and ensure that young men and women can thrive in our country.
I call the shadow Minister.
I point to page 86 of Baroness Casey’s report, which shows a worrying number of live investigations of cases in which there is an overlap between child sexual exploitation and criminal exploitation.
The report notes that a “significant proportion” of cases appear to involve suspects who are claiming asylum.
Which Minister is directly responsible for safeguarding our communities, including those housed in asylum hotels?
If the Government manage to close asylum hotels, as they claim they will, and individuals move into other accommodation, will any dangers transferred from hotels to the wider community be accounted for?
The hon.
Lady will know that the Home Secretary recently made an extensive statement to Parliament, setting out the actions that this Government will take to address the many failures left behind by the Conservatives.
Baroness Casey outlined that there had been a decade of lost time and a failure to deliver justice for victims.
This Government will take action.
We will root out all forms of child sexual exploitation, keep children safe from harm, and ensure that perpetrators are finally prosecuted.
For decades, too many people blocked their ears and turned their backs on towns and individuals asking for help, as well as on the national calls for help.
Will the Minister confirm that those in their ivory towers in Whitehall can now be compelled to give evidence under oath on their actions and assumptions—including, vitally, senior civil servants, former Crown Prosecution Service employees, and previous Directors of Public Prosecutions?
As the Home Secretary set out on Monday, anyone found to have been responsible for covering up or hiding vile crimes of child sexual abuse must and will be prosecuted.
However, the Conservatives had a decade to act—the lost decade that Baroness Casey talked about—and the recommendations from Alexis Jay sat on a shelf without being acted on.
This Government immediately brought forward the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill to deliver the biggest upgrade in child protection legislation in a generation—a Bill that the Conservatives opposed.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I welcome to the Gallery the Speaker of the Assembly of Representatives of Tajikistan.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 18 June.
I have been asked to reply, as my right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister has been attending the G7 summit in Canada.
In an era of global instability, we are working with our partners to urge de-escalation in the middle east, to put pressure on Russia to agree to a ceasefire, and to deliver security renewal for the British people.
The Air India plane crash last week was devastating.