That is why we have developed an ambitious programme to help make the transport network safe for women and girls.
The British Transport police use overt and covert policing techniques to target offenders who are using the network, promote the reporting of sexual offences, and have committed to tackling violence against women and girls in their 2025-to-27 policing plan, which, with her experience in this area, she may be interested to discuss with them.
On Friday, my private Member’s Bill is due for Second Reading.
It calls for the Government to publish a strategy to tackle interpersonal abuse and violence against men and boys.
The strategy would ensure that male survivors of crimes considered to be violence against women and girls, such as rape, sexual assault, domestic abuse, forced marriage and honour-based violence, are given dedicated support, and also prevent male survivors from having to be in spaces that should be for women.
Currently, male survivors are to be included in the strategy for women and girls, due to be published this summer.
Can the Minister reassure me, and male survivors in desperate need of support, that the Government will introduce a dedicated strategy for men and boys, and if they will not, why not?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this issue.
It does affect women and girls more, but I take the points that he raises, and it is important that all people get the support that they need.
I look forward to looking closely at his private Member’s Bill.
I call the shadow Minister.
Time and again, we Conservative Members asked the Government to hold a national statutory inquiry into the grooming gangs scandal.
Time and again, Government Ministers insisted that the five local inquiries would be enough, despite a suspected 50 towns having grooming gangs operating in them, as reported by Charlie Peters from GB News.
Now, after the Casey review and the announcement of the national commission, what reassurances can the Minister give victims that the 50 suspected towns will be investigated?
If a town or  city where a grooming gang is suspected to operate refuses to have an inquiry, can the Minister compel the commission to investigate?
In other words, do the Government have any accountability whatever?
The shadow Minister may not have listened closely to the statement on Monday, because that was confirmed by the Home Secretary.
He may want to know that earlier this year, the Financial Times told us the reality of what went on inside the previous Government after Alexis Jay’s report.
The FT said that No.
10 urged Home Office Ministers to
“do more to ‘engage with Alexis’ and draw up a…plan for her recommendations.”
One veteran admitted that
“The report came out at an unfortunate time and was maybe to some extent forgotten or deprioritised.”
“Forgotten or deprioritised”—yet now the Conservatives have the cheek to lecture this Government about the action we are taking to support and protect victims.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I am proud to be driving our opportunity mission, as part of this Government’s plan for change, to break the link between background and success.
In our spending review, we announced that we are extending free school meals to all children with a parent on universal credit, lifting 100,000 children out of poverty by the end of the Parliament.
That is the difference a Labour Government make.
My constituent Theo, who is blind and a Braillist, has not received a single useable Braille past paper, despite being nearly a year into his A-levels, and reports that his GCSE papers last year contained so many errors that they were nearly impossible to use.
Will the Minister take immediate action to ensure that exam boards fulfil their legal duty under the Equality Act 2010 to provide accessible examination materials, and urgently review Ofqual’s monitoring?
I am concerned to hear of the experience of the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent.