Let me update the House.
Working with our allies, we have carried out a series of major arrests to tackle the smuggling gangs behind this vile trade.
In the past month, a ringleader who has smuggled almost 4,000 migrants has been jailed for 25 years.
We can go further thanks to the law-enforcement agreements we have struck with Germany, Italy, Serbia and the Balkan states.
That is in stark contrast to the right hon.
Gentleman, who was the man at the heart of the Home Office when immigration soared, we lost control of our borders, and we spent £700 million of taxpayers’ money on persuading just four volunteers to be removed to Rwanda.
I take no lectures from him.
If she wants to find out who has lost control of our borders, I suggest that she looks to her immediate right, because ever since the Home Secretary scrapped the Rwanda deterrent before it even started, illegal immigration across the channel has gone up by 30%.
So far, 2025 has been the worst year in history for illegal immigrants crossing the channel.
That is on her watch; that is down to her Government.
The Prime Minister is planning crisis talks with President Macron, and is finally admitting that the situation is, in his words, “deteriorating”.
The Government’s laughable plan to smash the gangs lies in tatters.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister at last accept that we need a removals deterrent, so that every single illegal immigrant who arrives on these shores is immediately removed?
Will she commit to that—yes or no?
If the Conservatives want to argue that the 40,000 arrivals since July ’24 are down to the scrapping of the Rwanda scheme, they need to explain why there were more than 43,000 arrivals in the same period starting in July ’22, when the Rwanda agreement was in place.
It is absolute rubbish.
They lost control of our borders; we are getting control of our borders.
The right hon.
Gentleman needs to apologise.
I do not see how the Deputy Prime Minister has the brass neck to claim that she has the situation under control when the numbers crossing the channel this year are the highest in history.
She asked about the Rwanda deterrent.
She was obviously not listening to what I said earlier.
The Rwanda scheme never started; indeed, illegal immigrants in Calais—[Interruption.]
Order.
I want to hear the question, and I am sure our constituents want to hear the question and the answer.
The Rwanda scheme never started.
Illegal immigrants in Calais said before the election how much they wanted the Prime Minister to get elected because he would help them to get here.
When Australia started a similar scheme about 10 years ago, it worked within a few months.
As a consequence of the Government losing control, they now accommodate in asylum hotels and flats growing numbers of illegal immigrants, many of whom crossed the channel.
The Home Office’s suppliers are actively offering above-market deals to landlords to get hold of their properties for use by illegal immigrants.
In the meantime, hard-pressed young people here are unable to rent or buy.
Why do this Government prioritise housing for illegal immigrants above housing for our young people?
Again, I gently say to the right hon.
Member that, under his Government’s watch, immigration increased fourfold, until it reached almost a million in a single year.
They also created the backlog—400 hotels, which we reduced to just over 200 in our first 12 months in government.
One million pounds a day “spiffed” up the wall because they were so incompetent.
We are building the homes that they failed to deliver over 14 consecutive years of failure.
They should apologise while we get on with the job of rebuilding Britain.
Goodness me, the Deputy Prime Minister has a cheek.
Housing starts in quarter four last year went down—her mission to rebuild Britain is not going very well.