They should apologise while we get on with the job of rebuilding Britain.
Goodness me, the Deputy Prime Minister has a cheek.
Housing starts in quarter four last year went down—her mission to rebuild Britain is not going very well.
She talks about asylum hotels, but she obviously has not looked at the most recent numbers.
The number of people in asylum hotels was higher in March this year than it was at the time of the election.
And she gave no answer about the priority being given to illegal immigrants over people already living here.
A Zimbabwean paedophile due for deportation was recently allowed to stay in the UK because a court found that he might face “some hostility” back in Zimbabwe, which apparently breached his article 3 rights.
What about the rights of children here to be protected from this dangerous paedophile?
Who is looking out for their rights?
Not the Government.
There are thousands of such cases involving foreign criminals.
There is a solution: we need to scrap the Human Rights Act for immigration matters so that this sovereign Parliament decides on the law that our courts apply.
But the Deputy Prime Minister’s party voted against that.
I have a simple question: why do the Government side with foreign criminals and not the British public?
The Conservatives had 14 years of failure on these issues.
We have deported 4,500 foreign national offenders since we came to office, which is more than they did over the same period.
I will take no lectures from the Johnny-come-lately who could not do anything when he was in office.
Last Saturday marked eight years since Grenfell—eight years fighting for justice.
The Hillsborough families, including Margaret Aspinall from Huyton, have campaigned for 36 years—for decades—for the Hillsborough law.
Can  the Deputy Prime Minister tell me whether this Labour Government will bring forward the Hillsborough law without delay?
Will they honour the promises made to victims of state cover-ups, and will they finally deliver justice for the 97?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question, for the work that she has done with campaigners such as Margaret in their fight for justice, and for mentioning Grenfell, the eighth anniversary of which was not so long ago.
We remain fully committed to bringing in a Hillsborough law.
The state has failed victims and their families too many times in the past, which is precisely why our focus is now on getting the legislation right.
I can assure her that measures will be brought forward as soon as we are confident that they will deliver the justice that victims deserve, and we want to do this at pace.
I call the deputy leader of the Liberal Democrats.
On behalf of my party, may I associate myself with the Deputy Prime Minister’s remarks about the Air India crash?
In a week that we remember the murder of Jo Cox and David Amess, our party’s thoughts are with their friends and families and all those in this House who lost their beloved friends.
We also remember those who died in the Grenfell tragedy.
In 2003, we Liberal Democrats were incredibly proud to lead the campaign against the Iraq war—a war in which the UK blindly followed the US in a move that was not backed by the United Nations.
In light of reports that President Trump is seriously considering joining the war between Israel and Iran, launching a US strike against Iran’s nuclear facilities, can the Deputy Prime Minister confirm that if President Trump does take such action, today’s Labour Government will not blindly follow the US into war again?
The one thing I will say is that we agree with President Trump that Iran must never have nuclear weapons.
But we have been consistent in urging Iran to engage with the diplomatic process and work with the United States and we continue to support that diplomatic approach.
I am grateful to the Deputy Prime Minister.