We are focused on driving educational excellence everywhere, for every child in every school, and my schools White Paper in the autumn will set out our vision for a system that delivers on excellence for everyone.
Recent research by the Centre for Social Justice showed that at key stage 1, key stage 2, GCSEs, A-levels and T-levels, boys are underperforming girls.
We simply cannot allow half a generation not to be allowed to reach their full potential.
As part of her approach, will the Secretary of State consider looking at whether boys might need to be taught somewhat differently from girls?
I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s interest in this area and the constructive way in which he is approaching an important topic.
I, too, have looked at the research from the Centre for Social Justice, which provides some important pointers.
Through the schools White Paper, we will consider all the ways we can better support boys and young men as one group.
We know that the performance of free school meals-eligible white British boys is particularly low; that is something we inherited from the Conservatives.
The logic behind having a Women’s Minister was the idea that women present and have different problems in society.
By that logic, men and boys do, too; we know about suicide, and we have just heard about educational attainment.
We hear about help-seeking opportunities, and I welcome the men’s health strategy, but is it not time we had a Minister for men and boys to look across Government and deal with education, unemployment, suicide and health, and really get to grips with the problems facing young men and boys?
The hon.
Gentleman raises some important areas of concern, including health outcomes, suicide, educational outcomes and the need to better support boys, young men and men throughout their lives.
He will appreciate that ministerial appointments  are for the Prime Minister, so I will not get ahead of myself and make any announcements from the Dispatch Box today.
As a boy, Billy Boston dreamed of playing rugby union for Wales and for Cardiff, but he was never selected because he was black.
Wigan and rugby league welcomed him with open arms.
Rugby league has always been a sport that champions equality; it was created by working-class men who wanted to be paid a fair wage, and now Wigan Warriors women’s team have won the Challenge cup.
Will the Secretary of State join me and millions across the north in celebrating rugby league as a sport that has always judged people by the content of their character and not their race, class or sex, and in congratulating Billy and his family on his becoming Sir Billy Boston?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Billy and his family.
Right across sport, we want to make sure that no one is held back by outdated stereotypes, whether they relate to their sex, their race or their background.
This Government are committed to ensuring that all young people have access to high-quality sport and other opportunities.
As a former A-level teacher, one of my concerns—in addition to the disparities between boys and girls in educational outcomes—was the disparity in educational choice.
Physics and maths classes were dominated by boys, and English literature and psychology classes were dominated by girls.
Those are different subjects that develop different skills.
Does the Secretary of State share my concern about that disparity, and does she have any plans to address it?
My hon.
Friend brings real expertise, and I listened carefully to what he had to say.
We will consider those issues through the schools White Paper later this autumn.
The curriculum and assessment review is also under way, and it is considering all aspects of how we can make sure that young people have access to a broad and rich curriculum.