Gentleman for his response, and indeed for the tone with which he made his comments.
I was pleased to hear him acknowledge that mistakes had been made on HS2 by the previous Government.
I think he described the path as not having been perfect—I would go so far as to say that it has been a shambolic mess.
He struck a sombre note in his remarks, and I would ask him to consider going further, once he has had the opportunity to read the full James Stewart report, because an apology on the part of the Conservative party for the mess in which it left this infrastructure scheme is undoubtedly warranted.
I also thank him for his comments on the action that HS2 is taking with regard to alleged fraud within the supply chain.
I can assure him that I will provide appropriate updates to the House on the progress of the HMRC investigation that is now under way.
The hon.
Gentleman asked me to set out our plans for investment in transport in the midlands and the north.
The Conservative party took the decision to cancel HS2 north of Birmingham, and made wild promises about what it would do with the money it claimed it was saving.
He is kidding himself if he thinks that that money ever existed.
In last week’s spending review, this Government set out £15.6 billion to be invested in local transport schemes across the country, whether in Birmingham, Liverpool, Manchester, Leeds or Newcastle.
The hon.
Gentleman’s approach was a fantasy—he promised the moon on a stick and had absolutely no means to deliver.
He asked me to set out the Government’s plans for further enhancing rail connectivity in the midlands and the north.
I can assure him that further announcements will be made, both as part of the Government’s 10-year national infrastructure strategy and beyond that in the weeks and months ahead.
The hon.
Gentleman also asked me to opine on the extent to which litigation has caused delays in the delivery of infrastructure projects.
He will know that, through this Government’s Planning and Infrastructure Bill, we are tackling this issue by limiting the number of judicial reviews and legal challenges that can be brought.
Unlike his party, this Government are serious about delivering infrastructure, and about providing the stable leadership that this country needs when it comes to infrastructure.
Before coming to the Chamber today, I looked up the number of Rail Ministers in the Department under his Government—it was 18 in 12 years.
It is no wonder that projects such as HS2 were left in such a state of disarray.
Just as this Government have returned stability to the nation’s economy, so will we return common sense and stable leadership to the delivery of the nation’s infrastructure.
I call the Chair of the Transport Committee.
I also thank the Secretary of State for the decisive action she has taken to address the causes of HS2’s cost overruns.
We look forward to having Mark Wild and the Rail Minister at our Committee very shortly.
I actually want to celebrate something that HS2’s leadership should be proud of: the work they have done on skills and workforce innovation.
They have provided best-practice work that the construction industry and transport projects can learn from, and in fact are learning from.
However, I urge the Secretary of State to get her Department to learn from countries such as France and Spain, which have managed to deliver extensive high-speed rail projects to time and at a fraction of the cost of HS2 here in the UK.
I thank the Chair of the Transport Committee for her comments.
She is right to recognise the excellent work that HS2 has done on skills and the workforce.