I will commit to reading the hon.
Lady’s report, because it is important that we take all information on these issues.
We inherited an asylum system under exceptional strain, which costs up to £9 million a day.
We will end the use of hotels through suitable self-sufficient accommodation for asylum seekers, minimising the impact on local communities, and we will protect and support asylum seekers while demonstrating value for taxpayers.
On  1 July, Warwickshire county council will permanently remove one of Nuneaton’s two fire engines.
Its decision, based on dubious data that does not account for local factors such as high deprivation, does not accurately represent the current risk to residents.
The cuts will put lives in Nuneaton in danger.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister please look into this matter to confirm that there has been sufficient scrutiny and a thorough risk analysis to ensure safety for the good residents of Nuneaton?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue, and I know that the fire Minister—the Under-Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham North and Kimberley (Alex Norris) —will be happy to discuss it further.
I am committed to ensuring that fire and rescue services across the country have the resources they need to keep communities safe.
The deployment of fire engines, though, is decided locally, so this really is a question for Warwickshire county council, which is now led by Reform.
The hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  should have a word with his county councillors in Nuneaton and get them to explain why Reform is cutting fire services.
I remember when the Deputy Prime Minister was a fierce critic of austerity and a proud champion for the disabled, but today her Government are introducing their £5 billion disability cuts Bill that will push another 250,000 people into poverty.
Does she agree that everyone has the right to oppose such devastating cuts?
Is it the Prime Minister’s intention to remove the Whip from any Labour MP who does the right thing and votes against these disability cuts?
The hon.
Member talks about austerity, but I gently say to him that we have given the biggest amount of increase to Scotland—[Interruption.]
I have covered this point in an earlier question.
We are absolutely committed to ending child poverty.
We have already introduced free school meals, we are already supporting families and we have given a living wage rise to millions of workers that need it.
We are getting on with the job of rebuilding Britain.
The hon.
Member has had decades of failure in Scotland, and it deserves better.
Derbyshire’s Derwent valley is the home of the industrial revolution and it is also now a UNESCO world heritage site.
That community showed a Victorian sense of purpose that delivered improvements to people’s everyday lives.
Can my right hon.
Friend set out how the Government’s £39 billion investment in housing will instil that same drive while maintaining the unique character of the east midlands’ only UNESCO world heritage site?
I know my hon.
Friend is a champion for regeneration across his constituency, and he is working hard to get homes built in his patch for his constituents.
Our plan for change will deliver the biggest boost for investment in social and affordable housing in a generation, and for the first time in recent memory, we will give providers in his constituency a   decade of certainty over the capital funding to build ambitious housing projects that honour Derbyshire’s history.
The Home Secretary says that we should judge her success in smashing the gangs by whether the number of channel crossings falls, but under this Government the numbers are up by more than 30%.
By which date should we judge the Home Secretary, and if she fails, will she be fired?
The Conservatives continually vote against the measures that we are taking to smash the gangs.