It is essential that we proceed as quickly as possible with the remaining civil engineering works that will have affected the hon.
Member’s constituents to date.
If he wishes to write to me with details of the problem he has experienced with accessing mitigation funds, I will raise that for him with the chief executive of HS2.
The Conservatives announced that they were scrapping the northern leg of HS2 in a former railway station, summing up their attitude to the railway and sending shockwaves through the industry, including in Derby, a rail city that will be building the HS2 trains.
Will the Transport Secretary ensure certainty and timeliness going forward, so that the industry can have confidence that we will not see further delays, which have already been so damaging for the supply chain?
My hon.
Friend is right that certainty is critical for the rail supply chain.
It will be a number of months before I am in a position to confirm with any certainty the schedule and estimated final cost.
As soon as the new chief executive, Mark Wild, has provided that information to me and my Department, I will be updating the House.
The Secretary of State knows that HS2 runs through my constituency, and she will accept that what makes my constituents particularly angry about what she has described is that HS2 has pinched every penny in compensating someone unfortunate enough to find themselves in the path of this railway, yet wasted millions elsewhere.
Can she assure us that as part of the reset, line-drawing or page-turning—however she describes it—she will look at how people are compensated when affected by such major infrastructure projects?
Does she accept that it would be sensible to consider how Parliament could look again at this project, whose budget and timescale have ballooned, and decide whether we still think it is a worthwhile use of taxpayers’ money?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman is right to point out that we have some form as a country in seeking to gold-plate infrastructure projects.
The last Government talked about this railway being  the fastest and the best in the world.
Frankly, I would like this country to do things well and properly.
The point he raises about compensation is one that any Government should keep under review, while bearing in mind the need to provide value for money to the taxpayer.
I can assure him that I will make sure on any infrastructure project I oversee in this role that the House is appropriately updated and that we proceed with transparency on the costs and benefits of the schemes.
I thank the Secretary of State for her statement and the candidness with which she has delivered it.
The villages I represent in north Buckinghamshire, be they Turweston, Westbury, Quainton or North Marston—I know  the hon.
Member for Mid Buckinghamshire (Greg Smith)  will be familiar with those communities—have for too long faced chaos and disruption from HS2 and its contractors.
News that there will be yet more delay will cause them significant distress.
Will the Secretary of State update the House and explain what additional practical support, financial or otherwise, her Department plans to give rural communities such as mine over the years ahead?
I think the biggest reassurance that I could give my hon.
Friend is my cast-iron commitment to ensure that we proceed as rapidly as possible with the completion of the remaining construction works, which I know will have had an impact on his constituents.
While I cannot commit myself to the provision of further compensation from the Dispatch Box today, if they are experiencing particular problems he should not hesitate to bring them to my attention and that of my Department.
I welcome the statement, and I do not disagree with a word of the Secretary of State’s analysis of what has gone wrong in the past.