However, I urge the Secretary of State to get her Department to learn from countries such as France and Spain, which have managed to deliver extensive high-speed rail projects to time and at a fraction of the cost of HS2 here in the UK.
I thank the Chair of the Transport Committee for her comments.
She is right to recognise the excellent work that HS2 has done on skills and the workforce.
We have over 300,000 people working on this project at the moment, and I think that HS2 has done good work on opening up opportunities, whether through apprenticeships for the next generation or through the supply chain.
I will heed my hon.
Friend’s advice about learning from the speed and ease with which other countries deliver infrastructure projects.[Official Report,  23 June 2025 ; Vol.
769, c. 4WC.] (
Correction)
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I thank the Secretary of State for her statement and for advance sight of it.
What we have heard today is clearly a damning indictment of Conservative mismanagement.
Connecting our largest cities with high-speed rail was meant to help boost economic growth and spread opportunity.
The original idea—a high-speed rail network connecting London to Manchester and Leeds—was clearly the right one, but what we have ended up with is years of delay and billions of pounds of taxpayers’ money being poured down the drain, with no end in sight.
The litany of errors that the Secretary of State has outlined is truly shocking and shows that the Conservatives were comatose at the wheel.
A lack of oversight, trust and planning has left us with a high-speed railway drastically reduced in scale and inflated in price.
The shocking allegations of fraud by a subcontractor are emblematic of the Tories’ lack of oversight and interest in properly safeguarding the public interest and public money, as we saw with the scandal of personal protective equipment procurement during covid.
We must now make sure that any money lost to fraud is clawed back as soon as possible.
May I ask the Secretary of State three things?
First, can she guarantee that, if any fraud has taken place, any money lost will be returned to the Government and her Department as soon as possible, and that the police will be provided with the necessary resources to investigate the matter fully?
Secondly, the Secretary of State has said that the ministerial taskforce set up to provide oversight on HS2 had inconsistent attendance from the then Transport Secretary and Chief Secretary to the Treasury.
Does the Secretary of State agree that those right hon.
Members should apologise for those particularly damning lapses?
Thirdly, we share the Secretary of State’s confidence in Mark Wild and Mike Brown, but  can she say when she expects to be able to give the House an accurate assessment of the scheme’s full costs and of when HS2 will finally be up and running?
The hon.
Gentleman raises three fair issues, and I agree with his assessment that the previous Government were not just asleep but comatose at the wheel.
He asks whether the alleged fraud in the supply chain will be fully investigated, and whether moneys will be returned to the taxpayer.
I can assure him that no stone will be left unturned in getting to the bottom of this matter.
He is also right to highlight the question of poor and inconsistent attendance by individuals who held my role, the Rail Minister’s role and Treasury roles.
It is imperative that politicians who have oversight of these infrastructure schemes stay close to the detail of what is happening, both through their own officials and directly with the executive and non-executive leadership of the project.
That is certainly what I intend to do.
I know the Rail Minister has a monthly meeting with the new chief executive.
We have already held a meeting of the ministerial taskforce, and there is another one due soon.