We have over 300,000 people working on this project at the moment, and I think that HS2 has done good work on opening up opportunities, whether through apprenticeships for the next generation or through the supply chain.
I will heed my hon.
Friend’s advice about learning from the speed and ease with which other countries deliver infrastructure projects.
I have been asked to reply, as my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister has been attending the G7 summit in Canada.
In an era of global instability, we are working with our partners to urge de-escalation in the middle east, to put pressure on Russia to agree to a ceasefire, and to deliver security renewal for the British people.
The Air India plane crash last week was devastating.
Our thoughts and condolences are with everyone affected by this awful incident, and we are working closely with the Indian authorities to support those in need.
Nine years ago, we lost our beloved friend and colleague Jo Cox, who was a beacon of positivity and courage.
Her legacy lives on.
I must take this opportunity to also remember Sir David Amess, who is much missed by the whole House.
This Sunday marks Windrush Day.
We celebrate the extraordinary contribution of the Windrush generation and their descendants to our country.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
The Minister for Women and Equalities was asked—
What steps she is taking to ban conversion practices.
What steps she is taking to ban conversion practices.
When she plans to bring forward legislative proposals to ban conversion therapy.
Let me be clear: conversion practices have no place in today’s society, and this Government are committed to bringing forward trans-inclusive legislation to ban these outdated and abusive acts.
This is a complex issue that we want to get absolutely right.
We are working hard to publish later in this Session draft legislation that offers protection from these harmful practices while also preserving individuals’ freedom to explore their identity with appropriate support.
Since the Supreme Court ruling, many trans people have felt discrimination and a loss of their rights despite still being protected under the Equality Act 2010.
I am pleased to hear that the Government are bringing forward a trans-inclusive conversion therapy ban, but what else will the Minister do to ensure that trans people know they belong in our society and are valued?
I can indeed assure my hon.
Friend that our draft legislation on conversion practices will be trans-inclusive.
It is crucial that trans people are safe, included, and protected from harm and discrimination.
More widely, this Government are actively working on other manifesto commitments to strengthen services and protections for trans people, including ensuring that all trans people receive appropriate and high-quality healthcare, and equalising all strands of hate crime.
I recently met representatives of Trans Liberation Bournemouth, who shared with me their anxiety about the Supreme Court ruling—a ruling that has caused not only confusion in their otherwise supportive workplaces, but distressing incidents for biological women who do not conform to traditional gender norms.
What  assurances can the Minister give my constituents that this Government are committed to ensuring that Bournemouth remains an open and welcoming place for our LGBT+ community?
I will indeed give that assurance.
Rightly, laws are in place to protect trans people from discrimination and harassment—that remains the case.
To be clear, I am absolutely committed to delivering on our key manifesto commitments aimed at protecting LGBT+ individuals: a full, trans-inclusive ban on conversion practices, and our commitment to equalise all existing strands of hate crime.
Dignity and respect for everyone runs through every sinew of this Government.
Previous Governments have promised to bring forward legislation to ban conversion therapy, but it has not happened yet.