To be clear, I am absolutely committed to delivering on our key manifesto commitments aimed at protecting LGBT+ individuals: a full, trans-inclusive ban on conversion practices, and our commitment to equalise all existing strands of hate crime.
Dignity and respect for everyone runs through every sinew of this Government.
Previous Governments have promised to bring forward legislation to ban conversion therapy, but it has not happened yet.
Eris, one of my constituents in Horsham, tells me that recent headlines have created fear and uncertainty within the trans community, increasing their sense of isolation.
Will the Minister show the LGBTQ community that they are not ill or something to be converted, and commit to action within the next 12 months?
As we know, the previous Government repeatedly broke their promises to deliver on the issue of conversion practices and allowed the debate to become ever more toxic and divided.
We are committed to bringing forward legislation to ban these abusive practices—that is a key manifesto commitment.
We will be publishing our draft Bill later in this Session, and we want to work with Parliament to ensure that our legislation is robust and does not negatively impact legitimate support for those exploring their sexual orientation or gender identity.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson. [
Interruption.]
Oh, sorry—I call Jim Shannon!
How could I forget him?
Absolutely right, Mr Speaker.
I thank the Minister very much for her answers, but can she outline what support is in place for people of all faiths and none to receive counselling that is right and appropriate, helping them to find the answers that they all seek?
As I have explained, we are absolutely committed to going forward with a ban on conversion practices, but we want to make sure that when we legislate, that legislation does not inhibit proper, genuine, supportive counselling and guidance as people explore their gender identity or sexual orientation.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
As Liberal Democrats, we have been concerned about the lack of a draft Bill on conversion practices, so I am relieved to hear what the Minister has said today.
However, given the amount of fear and anxiety that there is among the trans community in this country, can she reassure the House that when the Bill comes forward, it will be UK-wide to overcome the Scottish Government’s withdrawal of their proposals?
Further, will the Government consider whether we need fresh legislation to deal with  all the issues in the Equality Act that have been raised by the Equality and Human Rights Commission’s interim guidance and the Supreme Court judgment?
There was a real range of questions there.
We are bringing forward legislation that affects England and Wales, but I can assure the hon.
Member that we are in talks with officials in the Scottish Parliament on that very issue.
I also assure her that we will be bringing this legislation forward very soon, and that there will be a proper opportunity for that pre-legislative scrutiny, which I know she will want to take part in.
Whether she plans to take steps with Cabinet colleagues to develop a strategy to improve educational outcomes for boys.
Whether she plans to take steps with Cabinet colleagues to develop a strategy to improve educational outcomes for boys.
Attainment for boys is, on average, lower than for girls.
This Government are determined to understand and address the drivers behind that.
We are focused on driving educational excellence everywhere, for every child in every school, and my schools White Paper in the autumn will set out our vision for a system that delivers on excellence for everyone.
Recent research by the Centre for Social Justice showed that at key stage 1, key stage 2, GCSEs, A-levels and T-levels, boys are underperforming girls.
We simply cannot allow half a generation not to be allowed to reach their full potential.