They covered it up because they cared more about so-called community relations than protecting vulnerable girls.
That is disgusting.
The survivors told us that they will only have confidence in an inquiry if it is independently led, has full statutory powers, and covers all 50 towns affected, including Bradford.
They will also only have confidence in it if those who covered this up are prosecuted, foreign perpetrators are all deported, survivors are closely involved, and it is set up before the summer recess.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister give the survivors and their families those assurances?
First, I thank the shadow Home Secretary for his tone, and for putting the survivors and victims at the heart of his question.
It is absolutely right that we all look at what has happened over the last couple of decades, and at the countless reports that we have had, and look to implement them.
He is right to talk about the confidence that people must have in the independent inquiry.
My right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary spoke about that earlier this week in relation to Baroness Casey’s report, which we will take forward at speed.
The inquiry will be independent, and it will have statutory powers.
We will also implement the Jay report, which he will have known about, as the Minister in charge at the time.
We will get on with taking action.
I hope Conservative Members will adopt his tone, so that we can make sure that the whole House puts victims first, and that we all work together to get to the bottom of this.
It is vital that scandals like this are never again covered up because of the racial background of perpetrators.
Baroness Casey’s report said, to use her words, that people who downplay the ethnic dimension are letting victims down, so I have to raise the matter of the language that the Prime Minister used in January, when I am afraid to say he smeared campaigners as jumping on a “far-right bandwagon” simply for calling for the very inquiry that he has now been forced to set up.
Standing up for rape victims is not far-right.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister apologise for what the Prime Minister said?
The Prime Minister did not just raise issues; he has acted on them.
He brought the first prosecutions against grooming gangs, and called for action to address ethnicity issues in 2012.
The right hon.
Member will know that the data that the previous Government collected was inaccurate and not complete.
Baroness Casey recognised this, and it is the subject of one of the recommendations that we will take forward.
The Prime Minister made those comments specifically about Tory Ministers who sat for years in Government and did absolutely nothing about this scandal.
Smearing campaigners who stand up for rape victims as being “far-right” is completely unacceptable, and the Prime Minister should never have said that.
I commend his predecessor, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Richmond and Northallerton (Rishi Sunak) , for the grooming gangs taskforce that he set up, which led to 550 arrests in its first year.
Baroness Casey’s report also said that a significant number of rape gang perpetrators were non-UK nationals or asylum seekers, many of whom entered the country illegally.
We also know that most illegal immigrants crossing the channel are young men, contrary to what the Chief Secretary to the Treasury said last week.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister now accept that the small boats crisis is one of public safety, as well as a border crisis?
This is a very serious issue, and more needs to be done.
Let me update the House.
Working with our allies, we have carried out a series of major arrests to tackle the smuggling gangs behind this vile trade.
In the past month, a ringleader who has smuggled almost 4,000 migrants has been jailed for 25 years.