We saw in Hamilton how Scots are fed up with the SNP’s excuses.
The SNP has been in power for nearly two decades and has nowhere left to hide from its failure.
Diolch, Mr Llefarydd.
Welsh farmers are taking hit after hit, from Tory trade deals to Labour taxes.
Now, on top of that, bluetongue restrictions affecting Wales and England will hamper cross-border trade.
Over 550 farms on the border and key livestock markets rely on summer trading.
Once-in-a-year opportunities like the Royal Welsh Show are crucial, and the disruption will be devastating.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister commit to working with the Welsh Government on a scheme to compensate the losses?
I gently say to the hon.
Member that you do not deliver for Wales by voting against an extra £1.6 billion for public services like Plaid did in the Senedd.
We will ensure that we support Wales and Welsh farmers and will continue to do that as a UK Government.
In the spending review last week, the Government backed Peterborough with support for our new pool and a sports quarter in the city.
That commitment has the power to turn years of campaigning into a reality, but that is not all: the Government have also recently approved the business case for our new station and have given us new police.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that this is just the start and that places like Peterborough that were forgotten for too long by the Conservatives are now at the top of this Labour Government’s agenda?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his comments.
I am flanked by the two ladies—the Chancellor and the Home Secretary—who have ensured that those things happen.
The Chancellor has guaranteed funding to accelerate projects like Peterborough’s new sports quarter, which will include a new Olympic-sized  swimming pool.
I can also confirm today that, subject to the business case approval, we will provide nearly £48 million of funding for a new city centre quarter and a refurbished eastern station building.
A small family business in my constituency was recently burgled by a prolific offender serving an eight-month suspended sentence.
The man was caught, arrested, charged and appeared in court, where he was given another eight-month suspended sentence and was released.
The business was offered £200 in compensation.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister think that that is justice served, or is this Government now soft on crime and soft on the causes of crime?
First of all, I am sorry to hear about that.
Hard-working businesspeople who spend a lot of their time building up a business should expect the full force of the law to protect their property and their interests.
Also, while I have the opportunity, can I congratulate the hon.
Member on running Hamble Valley’s very first pub competition this year?
I hope that I will get an invite.
He is absolutely right that we have to have increased police numbers and ensure that they are responsive to people’s concerns.
We are doing that; his Government let people down.
Saturday marked eight years since 72 people lost their lives in the Grenfell tower fire—eight years without justice.
But, finally, there is the prospect of some systemic change following the public inquiry.
I welcome the Government’s commitment to barring all the cited companies from accessing public contracts and their full support to the police investigation to deliver real accountability.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister also reassure our community that, alongside the Hillsborough law, the Government will consider some independent oversight so that victims from the Post Office to Hillsborough to Grenfell know that inquiry recommendations will actually lead to real change?
The Grenfell fire was a national tragedy, and we must never forget the 72 lives that were lost.
It was a honour to pay my respects on the eighth anniversary at the weekend.