The one thing I will say is that we agree with President Trump that Iran must never have nuclear weapons.
But we have been consistent in urging Iran to engage with the diplomatic process and work with the United States and we continue to support that diplomatic approach.
I am grateful to the Deputy Prime Minister.
We support those efforts.
Today, the Government are set to unveil their plans to cut personal independence payments and carer’s allowance, a prospect that one of my constituents described as “terrifying”.
Liberal Democrat analysis of the Government’s own data suggests that 1.3 million disabled people are at risk of losing some support.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister honestly say, hand on heart, that that is the change that 1 million disabled people and their carers were promised?
Labour is the party of work and the party of fairness and social justice.
We have announced a plan to get Britain working again, and we are clear on the principles—I want to be clear on that—that those who want to work should be able to work and those who can never work should be protected.
The current system, which we have inherited, does not support those who need that support and does not allow people opportunities for employment.
I have personal experience of it.
I know what the hon.
Lady is saying, and I know how some people are fearful of the changes, but this Labour Government have put their values into place and will ensure that people are supported into work where they can work, and those who cannot will be supported.
We are the party of the welfare state—we set it up after the second world war—and believe it should be there for people who need it, but we should also help people into work.
Mr Deputy Speaker, I welcome the— I apologise, Mr Speaker—there are too many deputies in the place today.
I welcome the Government’s announcement on grooming gangs.
I am sorry for stumbling; I have been floored by the point scoring going on around them—on all sides.
I wonder whether the Deputy Prime Minister is aware that the victims and survivors of grooming gangs are being denied compensation by the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority on bizarre technicalities, as are all children who have been victims of online abuse.
For me, that is a grave injustice.
The authority thinks it is better than a judge and jury.
I wonder what the Deputy Prime Minister plans to do.
Personally, I think it should be abolished.
My hon.
Friend is a long-standing advocate for child protection, and I pay tribute to her campaigning on these issues.
We share her determination to do what is right for the victims and the survivors.
We recognise that no sum of money can ever fully compensate for the horrors they have experienced.
We are committed to funding efforts to tackle child sexual abuse in the future and support survivors to rebuild their lives—that is why we will make it easier for victims to make personal injury claims through the civil courts by removing the three-year time limit—and we are redoubling funding for therapeutic support  services.
This Refugee Week is an opportunity for the House to show solidarity with those fleeing war, persecution and oppression.
Compassion and welcome are core British values, but for decades the Home Office has been undermining those values, as my new report “No Way Home” shows, by treating migration as a crime rather than making it work for our communities and for newcomers.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister read the report and consider its recommendation to remove migration from the responsibilities of the failing Home Office?
I will commit to reading the hon.
Lady’s report, because it is important that we take all information on these issues.
We inherited an asylum system under exceptional strain, which costs up to £9 million a day.