That includes approving two new pills to treat endometriosis this year, investing £5.6 million in much-need research, and taking action to cut gynaecology waiting lists through our elective reform plan.
This Government are committed to prioritising women’s health as we build an NHS that is fit for the future.
I know that my constituent Samantha, who asked me to as this question, will be grateful for the Minister’s reply.
Will she also work with colleagues across Government to ensure that once the Employment Rights Bill has been passed, the needs of those with menstrual health conditions, like endometriosis, are reflected properly in guidance and employer support, and that organisations such as Endometriosis UK are engaged in the process?
Far too many women, like Samantha, are forced to leave work because they do not get the support that they need.
That is why we are meeting the needs of women with endometriosis in the workplace through a number of measures in the Employment Rights Bill.
Strengthening statutory sick pay arrangements, making flexible working available to more people, and opening up conversations about women’s health through employer action plans will benefit all employees managing the condition.
We are turning the commitments in the women’s health strategy into tangible actions.
What commitment can the Minister give that the community diagnostic centres programme, which was started under the Conservative Government—[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
I’ll start again.
What commitment can the Minister give that the community diagnostic centres programme, which was started under the last Government, will be used effectively to treat and diagnose not just endometriosis, but all the conditions listed in the women’s health strategy?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that we are taking forward a number of measures as part of the women’s health strategy.
He will also know that as a result of our pilot on women’s health hubs, which have been established in 41 of England’s 42 integrated care systems, we are working to make sure that we are supporting and tackling women’s health, including by shifting care out of hospitals, reducing waiting lists, and continuing to engage with local areas to use the learnings from women’s health hubs to improve the local delivery of services.
I call the Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee.
Women are waiting up to 10 years for a diagnosis of endometriosis or adenomyosis.
Our Women and Equalities Committee report recommended a maximum wait of two years, which is still a long time to live with intense pain and fertility decline, but it would be an improvement.
Given that reproductive health issues cost the UK economy £11 billion a year, the sooner conditions are treated, the sooner women can get on with their lives.
Does the Minister agree that investing in women’s health is essential, and how is she raising the importance of the women’s health strategy with her colleagues, including the Health Secretary?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to say that we need a focus on women’s health.
Our priority is turning the commitments in the women’s health strategy into tangible actions, such as by setting out how we will eliminate cervical cancer by 2040 through the new cervical cancer plan.
We have taken urgent action, through our elective reform plan, to support the nearly 600,000 women who are on gynaecology waiting lists.
One in 10 women in Northern Ireland is thought to have endometriosis, and the average wait time for diagnosis is an unacceptable nine and a half years.
Does the Minister agree that there needs to be a UK-wide strategy  that equips our NHS with endo-experienced surgeons, fertility experts, mental health support and pain specialists in order to aid those women, who are on the most horrifically painful journey?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this issue.
She is right: it is unacceptable that women can wait up to 10 years for an endometriosis diagnosis.