The Home Secretary says that we should judge her success in smashing the gangs by whether the number of channel crossings falls, but under this Government the numbers are up by more than 30%.
By which date should we judge the Home Secretary, and if she fails, will she be fired?
The Conservatives continually vote against the measures that we are taking to smash the gangs.
We are getting on with the job, working internationally to disrupt the abhorrent work of these smugglers and gangs, while the hon.
Member harps on from the sidelines.
He should apologise for their record in government, which was abysmal.
Since becoming an MP, I have received thousands of pieces of casework from constituents who are stuck on social housing waiting lists.
I recently had an email from a woman with severe mobility issues who is effectively trapped in her front room while she waits and waits for suitable social housing.
Even when a home becomes available, she will be forced to compete with other residents because there simply are not enough affordable options.
What will the recent new funding announced by the Government mean for my constituent and others like her who have already waited too long for a decent home?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting that case.
It is not an isolated case; we inherited a really dire situation and there are far too many people that do not have a safe and secure home that meets their needs.
My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor has announced record funding of almost double the level provided by the previous Government, who ended up handing back the cash for social and affordable homes.
Labour’s plan for change is renewing our country and investing in Britain’s future.
I call the Father of the House.
The Government quite rightly give full and unequivocal support to Israel in its bid to end the scourge of Iran’s nuclear weapons programme forever.
Will they also work with our allies to try and convince the Israeli Government that it is not in the long-term security interests of Israel to carry on with this policy of illegal settlements in the west bank, which is simply leading to radicalisation and desperation throughout the region?
Have not the overwhelming majority of Palestinian people the right to yearn for peace and security in their own homeland, as the Jews yearned for their homeland for 2,000 years?
I thank the Father of the House for his important question.
Settler violence and expansion in the west bank is appalling and completely unacceptable.
Alongside our allies, we have sanctioned individuals responsible for inciting this extremist action, but a two-state solution is the only way to bring the  peace that the Israelis and the Palestinians deserve.
That is only achievable if the hostages are released, aid is surged into Gaza and the ceasefire is restored.
We will do everything we can to make that happen.
In Scotland, over 10,000 children are stuck in temporary accommodation, including many in my constituency.
Too many families face soaring rents, long waiting lists and dwindling options.
It is just one of so many policy failings—we are all losing count and losing patience—as public confidence in the SNP’s ability to govern collapses.
What advice does the Deputy Prime Minister have for the SNP Government as they continue to preside over a chronic failure to invest in the social and affordable housing that Scotland desperately needs?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Homelessness levels are far too high, which have a devastating impact on those affected.
Under the SNP, 10,000 children in Scotland—a record high—shamefully have no fixed home to call their own.
Our decisions have given Scotland a record settlement—the largest since devolution.
We saw in Hamilton how Scots are fed up with the SNP’s excuses.
The SNP has been in power for nearly two decades and has nowhere left to hide from its failure.
Diolch, Mr Llefarydd.