I thank the hon.
Member for raising this issue.
She is right: it is unacceptable that women can wait up to 10 years for an endometriosis diagnosis.
The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence’s updated guidelines on endometriosis make firmer recommendations on referral and investigations, which will help women receive a diagnosis and effective treatment faster.
It is important that we continue to work as closely we can on this issue across the whole UK.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the Government’s proposed welfare reforms on financial inequalities experienced by disabled people.
The hon.
Member is right to raise this issue; the current system does track too many people in financial inequality.
We want disabled people to have chances in work, which others have always taken for granted.
We will invest an additional £1 billion a year by the end of the decade in work, health and skills support.
I have spoken to several disabled constituents who are deeply fearful about the proposed cut to the limited capability for work and work-related activity element of universal credit.
Research by Sense shows that one in four disabled people with complex needs could be pushed into debt if the changes go ahead.
Will the Minister and his colleagues in the Department for Work and Pensions review this damaging proposal?
At the moment, there are 200,000 people out of work on health and disability grounds who would love to be in a job, and who say they could be in a job today if they had the support to make that possible for them.
We are determined to provide them with that support.
As the Minister knows, the personal independence payment is a passport benefit for carer’s allowance.
The Government’s impact assessment suggests that approximately 150,000 family carers will lose out due to the proposed changes to the eligibility criteria for PIP.
What further analysis have the Government done of the financial impacts of welfare reform on family carers?
We are consulting on the support that will be needed over the next few years for perhaps one in 10 of those currently claiming PIP.
Support will be needed for those who lose their benefit, and that will include family carers who receive carer’s allowance at the moment.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle violence against women and girls.
We are taking firm action across Government to deliver our unprecedented ambition to halve violence against women and girls in a decade.
That is underpinned by a new Government strategy, which is to be published this summer.
Last year, we launched new domestic abuse protection orders and set out new measures to tackle stalking.
Through the safe streets mission board and the VAWG ministerial group, Ministers across Government regularly meet to discuss and drive progress.
It saddened me to see an article in the Glasgow Times about the rise of sex crimes at Scottish train stations.
Sexual Abuse Compensation Advice found that there has been a 45% increase in sex crimes at Scottish stations, with a total of 87 crimes reported in 2024.
Does the Minister agree that women should be able to use public transport without fear of assault?
Will she tell me what her Department is doing to tackle such issues?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
She is absolutely right: everyone should feel safe while on public transport.
That is why we have developed an ambitious programme to help make the transport network safe for women and girls.
The British Transport police use overt and covert policing techniques to target offenders who are using the network, promote the reporting of sexual offences, and have committed to tackling violence against women and girls in their 2025-to-27 policing plan, which, with her experience in this area, she may be interested to discuss with them.
On Friday, my private Member’s Bill is due for Second Reading.