As he mentioned, many are subject to harassment, fines, forced exile, detention and ill-treatment in prison.
Will he join me in calling for the release of religious prisoner of conscience Pastor Lorenzo Rosales Fajardo?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that the case of Pastor Lorenzo is all too indicative of a worsening climate of freedom of religion or belief in Cuba.
The Church of England calls on the Cuban Government to release Pastor Lorenzo immediately, along with all those others detained in relation to the  11 July  protests.
The international community must continue to follow this case closely and hold Cuba to account bilaterally and multilaterally.
My hon.
Friend has put Pastor Lorenzo’s name on the record in this House.
I also endorse everything she said about the Open Doors event in the House next Wednesday.
The hon.
Member for Lancaster and Fleetwood, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked—
Whether the committee has had recent discussions with the Electoral Commission on the potential impact of increased electoral party spending limits on the democratic process.
The committee discussed the matters raised at a private meeting with the Electoral Commission in November.
The commission has said that the UK Government’s recent increases to spending limits and donation reporting thresholds represent significant changes to the UK’s political finance controls.
The commission has published updated guidance to support parties to understand and comply with the new limits; however, it is concerned that increased spending limits risk significantly more scope for higher-spending parties to campaign.
The Daily Mirror reported at the weekend that the Conservative party is already spending more on the Prime Minister’s Facebook page and adverts than Donald Trump is spending on his, so the motivation for doubling the party spending limits is pretty clear already.
If this cannot be stopped, can the commission at least do more to increase transparency, so that people can see this shoddy attempt to buy democracy for what it is?
The commission has said that any changes to spending reporting thresholds should be supported by rigorous analysis—which of course is for the Government to publish—including of the likely impact on public confidence and transparency.
The commission continues to make the case for changes to the political finance system to further improve public trust and confidence.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
What support the Church is providing to the Anglican Hospital in Gaza.
The House may not be aware that the Anglican Church is one of the largest providers of healthcare and education globally.
The al-Ahli Hospital in Gaza is an example of this.
Before Christmas, the hospital was severely damaged again and a tank demolished its front wall.
Most of the hospital staff were taken away by the Israeli Defence Force and the Church of England has asked the Government here to inquire about their wellbeing and whereabouts and to request that they be released.
Intimidation by hard-line settlers has prompted the Patriarch to say that clergy are fighting for their lives, and that the Armenian quarter faces a violent demise.
Is a Christian presence in Jerusalem still viable?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for bringing this issue before the House.
He is right: a century ago, a quarter of Jerusalem was Christian; now, just 1% of the population is, and in the Armenian quarter of the old city, the Christian presence has come under intensified threat from intimidation and aggressive property acquisition by settlers.
The Church of England   is very concerned that the rule of law should prevail in Israel and the status quo be maintained.
It is unconscionable that Christians should be driven from the holy land.
That completes that set of questions—
On a point of order, Mr Speaker?
That would normally come after business questions.
It is about DCMS questions.
Very well.
I am grateful.