It is about DCMS questions.
Very well.
I am grateful.
When I referred to December 2018, I should have made it clear that that was the date of the freedom of information request by Dorian Gerhold.
I shall write to the Minister explaining what information I want.
Excellent.
That clarifies that.
Will the Leader of the House give us next week’s business?
The business for the week commencing  15 January  will include:
Monday 15 January —Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the Animal Welfare (Livestock Exports) Bill.
Tuesday 16 January —Committee of the whole House on the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill (day one).
Wednesday 17 January —Committee of the whole House on the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill (day two).
Thursday 18 January —Debate on a motion on the loan charge, followed by a debate on a motion on HS2 compensation.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 19 January —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  22 January  includes:
Monday 22 January —Second Reading of the Offshore Petroleum Licensing Bill.
Happy new year to you, Mr Speaker, to staff, to Members and to those watching.
It might be a new year, but I am afraid it is the same old story: a Government who have run out of road and ideas, and who are not fixing the problems we face but making them worse.
Many on the Leader of the House’s own side have reached the same conclusion.
Yet another MP has resigned having lost trust, another has admitted that over their 13 years things have got worse, and a former Immigration Minister is taking to the airwaves to say that their Rwanda plan will not work—and it is only the first week back.
But some things have changed.
The Prime Minister seems to have had a dramatic reversal in strategy.
Despite just months ago rather laughably saying that he was the change candidate, his latest reset confirmed what we all know: he is now just offering more of the same—more of the same low growth, more of the same high taxes, more of the same backlogs and broken public services, and more of the same historically low living standards.
Only this hapless Prime Minister would set himself targets that were hard to miss and then miss them.
We had further confirmation today, with new figures from the BBC showing every NHS target missed, and not just this past year, when the Government want to blame the strikes, or since the pandemic, which might be a little understandable—no: key NHS targets have been missed in each and every one of the past seven years.
That is the second half of their time in office, after all their decisions and policies took effect.
That is the record of this Government.
Let us have that debate in this election year about the choice the voters will face: more of the same failure from the Conservatives, or change and hope with Labour.
Turning to the sub-postmaster scandal, we welcome the Government’s announcement of emergency legislation to quickly pardon those wrongfully convicted, and we  stand ready to work with them.
What has now come to wider public attention is the travesty, injustice and two decades of struggle they faced.
Will the Leader of the House give us more details today and assure us that as the spotlight inevitably moves on, the Government will not take their foot off the gas in getting urgent justice, redress and accountability?
The issue goes wider.
It follows a pattern similar to other injustices in which the state or corporate cover-up has wronged ordinary people, such as Windrush, infected blood, building safety and Grenfell, Hillsborough and more.
All those cases, transpiring over decades, came to public awareness after the notable efforts of Back Benchers and dogged journalists working with the victims.
Today’s Government should be learning wider lessons.