Time and again, where Labour is in power, it shows that it is not on the side of the British people.
I call the Father of the House.
My right hon.
Friend rightly mentioned the holocaust exhibition, and you, Mr Speaker, will lead the holocaust service in a few days’ time.
Recently, I met holocaust survivor Anita Lasker-Wallfisch, who said that the proposed memorial in Victoria Tower Gardens was too small for its purpose and too large for the park.
The hybrid Committee will meet on Tuesday and Wednesday next week.
Will my right hon.
Friend consider talking to the Department for Culture, Media and Sport and the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to see whether they could put up scaffolding on a temporary basis to show the amount of space taken by the box of the so-called learning centre, and perhaps some plywood boards to illustrate the 23 fins that are supposed to be there?
Then, we could go round the outside of the park to see whether it is visible, and see from inside how much damage it does to that well-loved park.
I know that my hon.
Friend continues to press on this particular project.
He will know that I am limited in what I can do to assist him, but I will write to the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to make sure that he has heard, again, what my hon.
Friend has said.
I call the Scottish National party spokes- person.
Bliadhna mhath ùr—happy new year to you, Mr Speaker, and to everyone in this place and watching.
Some positive news to start our first business questions of 2024: recent data from the Office for National Statistics and the Scottish Parliament Information Centre—the Commons Library equivalent—shows that Scotland’s gender pay gap is at a record low, and almost half that of the UK as a whole.
Women’s weekly full-time pay has risen more than 10% in the last year.
Any gap is, of course, too high, but I am sure that the Leader of the House would like to acknowledge the Scottish Government’s gender pay gap action plan, the first in the UK, which undoubtedly has helped to achieve those welcome results.
The Leader of the House’s Government could take several steps to help end the gender pay gap and advance equality right across these isles.
After repeatedly shelving the employment Bill, they could finally act to make workplaces fairer, particularly in the current cost of living crisis, which we know impacts women more.
They could legislate for mandatory gender and ethnicity pay  gap reporting.
They could finally deliver compensation for WASPI women—Women Against State Pension Inequality —who have waited far too long to receive justice.
More broadly, they could tackle the gender pension gap, as yearly incomes among pensioners are on average more than £7,000 lower for women.
While the Leader of the House considers her response to those suggestions, could she also respond to reports in the media that her Government blocked a minority ethnic woman from joining the board of Channel 4 without offering a reason?
I am curious to hear what action she took in response to the recent comments by the Home Secretary, and whether she will condemn them now.
They do nothing to dispel perceptions that a culture of misogyny in the UK Government is hampering progress on these issues.
As she is a former Minister for Women and Equalities, I am sure that these matters are close to her heart, so will she support a debate on them, where perhaps some solutions might finally be agreed?
I also wish the hon.
Lady a very happy new year.
I do welcome the good news on the gender pay gap in Scotland.
It is nice to see the SNP championing some good progress in Scotland and giving credit where it is due.