With good Christian online content such as services and podcasts, and popular series such as “The Chosen” through to the Alpha course, how is the Church equipping people to navigate that content safely and easily, in order to extend its mission with the equipment and skills needed to access it?
I commend the hon.
Lady for such an important question, which takes in the housebound in England and people persecuted across the world who cannot attend church safely; she is absolutely right to raise those issues.
For those who are not online at all, the Church of England offers DailyHope, which is a free telephone line providing 24/7 worship, prayer and talks.
Of course, our digital content can be followed not just around England but across the world, to help make Jesus known.
The hon.
Member for Lancaster and Fleetwood, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked—
What recent discussions the committee has had with the Electoral Commission on tackling online misinformation ahead of the next general election.
The committee has not had any recent discussions with the Electoral Commission on the matters raised.
The commission’s regulatory remit is focused on ensuring that political finance is transparent and that campaigning materials include an imprint showing voters who has produced the material.
The commission does not have a role in regulating the content of election material, but it does encourage all campaigners to undertake their role responsibly and transparently.
It has called for changes in the law to improve transparency and safeguard the UK’s electoral system.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her answer.
The imprints are going to be important, but we have already seen an attack on our system through cyber-attacks at the last general election.
At this general election, we face the increased, insidious threat to our democracy from artificial intelligence and fake news circulating false audio from politicians during conference season, so is there anything else that the commission is considering, or that it could do, to attack that sort of insidious approach?
The commission shares the hon.
Lady’s concerns about some of the threats that new technologies, deepfakes and AI-generated content could pose, ultimately  taking away voter confidence in the electoral system.
While the commission does not have a role in the regulation of the content of campaign material, it is working with other organisations to try to support responsible and transparent campaigning.
If the hon.
Lady would be interested, I would be very happy to arrange an opportunity for her to meet with the Electoral Commission, perhaps to discuss this matter further.
The hon.
Member for Broxbourne, representing the House of Commons Commission, was asked—
If the Commission will take steps to increase purchases of Australian wine for sale in the House of Commons.
The wine sold in the House of Commons is reviewed annually, with the next review due in the spring of 2024.
The right hon.
Gentleman’s question specifically relates to Australian wine; I understand that a Chardonnay and a Shiraz are available, compared with three English wines, so Australian wine is represented on the wine list in the Palace of Westminster.
As part of a dispute over covid, China imposed particularly punishing tariffs on Australian wine, damaging that industry.
May I urge the House of Commons Commission to stand with our Australian friends and allies, and prioritise buying Australian wine and encouraging its use in our venues to make it clear that bullying does not pay?
Of course, if colleagues here wish to prioritise the purchase of Australian wine from the wine list, I encourage them to do so, but I also remind them that we have very good English wines on the wine list as well.
More generally, I am sure the nation has heard the right hon.