I congratulate my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Haltemprice and Howden (Sir David Davis)  on securing the debate.
I know how passionate he is about ensuring that his constituents get what they  should from the SEND system and ensuring that his granddaughter, Chloe, gets the support she needs.
He made a powerful case for both.
Before I go any further, I formally congratulate him on the announcement of his knighthood, which is a well-deserved honour for his decades of public service.
By way of background, I am an MP in an f40 area, so I am familiar with the case the organisation makes and I met the group towards the end of last year.
I have been children’s Minister since the end of August, but in the two years before being appointed to that position, the issue of parents and teachers being unable to get the support they need for children with SEND was already in the top two items in my casework and surgery appointments.
I pay my own tribute to all the staff supporting children with special educational needs in schools, colleges and alternative provision, both locally and nationally.
The issues raised in the debate are very familiar to me.
In previous debates, I have talked about parents having what they feel is a war of attrition with the system to try to get the support they need for their children.
That is a war that any parent would wage, but no parent should have to.
We know the system is not delivering consistent support and outcomes and that there are significant financial pressures on it, despite considerable Government investment.
I will begin with investment and funding, as that has been the biggest issue discussed this afternoon.
As has been touched on, the Government have increased the higher needs budget considerably.
In 2024-25, it will be £10.5 billion, which is 60% higher than the figure in 2020.
In the past two years, there has been a 32% increase in per head funding in the constituency of my right hon.
Friend the Member for Haltemprice and Howden.
Most Members would agree that that is a considerable amount of money, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bracknell (James Sunderland)  said in his speech.
Some Members may only agree with that privately, but not many Government budgets, under any Government or in any area, have increased by 60%, which demonstrates the Government’s considerable support for and commitment to the area.
We have two programmes supporting local authorities that face financial pressure in their SEND system, and a number of Members in the Chamber have local authorities involved in those programmes.
First, the safety valve programme, which includes 34 local authorities with the highest percentage deficit, helps local authorities pay down accumulated deficits and reform their systems.
By March 2025, the Department will have allocated nearly £900 million through that programme, and if what we are trying to deliver is delivered, those deficits will be eradicated.
Secondly, we have the delivering better value programme for those with substantial but less severe deficits, which involves 55 local authorities, including East Riding of Yorkshire in the area of my right hon.
Friend the Member for Haltemprice and Howden.
That is helping to deliver high-quality outcomes with sustainable costs.
Under that programme, each area develops a reform plan and receives £1 million to support its delivery.
As has been touched on, the high needs budget has doubled since 2015, but even if a Government were able to triple or quadruple it, that would not by itself deliver the outcomes we all want to see.
Parents and teachers  know that and frequently say that the issue is not just about money.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Mansfield (Ben Bradley)  made that point well in his speech, and I intend to pick up with him the discussion about conflicting priorities.