He is right that the strikes caused disruption.
We work very closely with our partners in other jurisdictions.
One example is the international hit film “Barbie”, which was filmed in the UK, supported 750 jobs, added £80 million to our economy and earned more than £1.1 billion at the global box office.
We needed to ensure that the film industry could continue to thrive after the strikes, which is why we are continuing to support the industry with tax incentives, funding pots and, importantly, the development of a skills pipeline to ensure success long into the future.
Whether she has had recent discussions with the BBC Board on the impartiality of the BBC’s current affairs coverage.
The BBC has a duty to deliver its impartial and accurate news and current affairs coverage under its royal charter.
It is editorially independent, which means that editorial policies are a matter for the BBC, but both the Secretary of State and I regularly meet the BBC’s leadership team.
We have discussed the important issue of impartiality on multiple occasions.
It is also a key focus of the Government’s mid-term review of the BBC’s governance and regulation.
As a former BBC journalist myself, I completely believe in its editorial independence from the Government, but, just as strongly, I consider it essential that the BBC, across all its programming and from all presenters, should be absolutely and unequivocally impartial.
Given the concerns that we have heard about the current coverage of Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories, the reporting of the resignation of the president of Harvard and examples of where Ofcom has found significant editorial failings, does my hon.
Friend agree that the BBC needs to work consistently, constantly and visibly to enforce that requirement on impartiality?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
He is absolutely right: trust is the BBC’s currency.
That is especially important in relation to its international coverage, particularly during conflicts, so it must use its words with care.
With regard to the events in Israel and Gaza, the Government have been clear that the BBC should reflect on its coverage and learn lessons for the future, but, of course, we again emphasise impartiality and the highest editorial standards.
That is a strategic priority of the BBC’s leadership, and we are talking to them about this in relation to the mid-term review and licensing renewal.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
As an ex-BBC reporter, I am in awe of my former colleagues’ bravery and impartiality when they cover world affairs.
We have all followed with horror the Israeli bombardment of Gaza.
Reporters Without Borders says that it appears that Israel is now directly targeting journalists.
The Al-Jazeera bureau chief has had three children killed, including his journalist son—what unimaginable pain.
Another Palestinian journalist, Ayat Khaddoura, said:
“When will this war end?
Who will tell the world what we went through and what we saw?”
I bring her question to the House as she is no longer alive to do so.
Can the Minister share with journalists across the world how the Government’s refusal to call for a ceasefire is advancing the cause of journalistic freedom or peace in the region, and can she tell us who the Government’s position has persuaded apart from those on the Labour Front Bench who remain limpet close to the Tory position on Gaza, as on so many other issues?
That question was a long way from the impartiality of the BBC.
We must ensure that we stick to the subject of the question.
I suggest to the hon.
Gentleman that topicals would have been a much better place for his question.
Minister, can you pick out the part that you need to?
I simply wish to pay tribute to every journalist who puts their life on the line to bring truth to the public’s attention.
They play an incredibly important role.
We are proud of what the BBC journalists do in particular.