Lady a very happy new year.
I do welcome the good news on the gender pay gap in Scotland.
It is nice to see the SNP championing some good progress in Scotland and giving credit where it is due.
With regard to the UK Government’s record, we are making good progress: since 2010 we have an additional 2 million women in work.
As the author of the women in work road map, which looks at every aspect of a woman’s life and tries to address the reasons why she is financially disadvantaged right through her life, from when she leaves school, through raising a family to the pensions gap, I know that this Government are committed to delivering on those disparities.
The hon.
Lady raised the issue of Channel 4.
I do not know the answer to that today, but I shall certainly ensure that the relevant Department has heard what she said.
The hon.
Lady will know what the Home Secretary has said about the other matter she raised.
I hope she also knows that the Home Secretary is a very decent fellow who loves his wife greatly.
They have been through a lot in recent years as a couple and the hon.
Lady will also know that.
I will conclude by adding some further good news about Scotland, which I hope the hon.
Lady will welcome.
I am delighted that part of the Stone of Destiny has been recovered from SNP headquarters.
I am sure that is a great relief to all Members.
It is easy to lose things, I know, like a couple of billion quid from your budget, but I am sorry to hear that the SNP has taken as much care of it as it has taken as the steward of Scotland’s public services.
Happily, the Tupperware container it was stored in has protected it during its stay and the police raids on that premises.
I join my Scottish colleagues in encouraging the SNP to find a more suitable home for it.
Traditional craft skills provide jobs and sustain businesses.
They also emphasise our shared history: everything from wheelwrights to weavers, and from corsetry to carpentry.
It was therefore very good news that, after a long campaign by the all-party parliamentary group for craft, which I chair, the Government announced that our country will now join the UNESCO convention  for the safeguarding of the intangible cultural heritage.
Will the Leader of the House bring a statement to the House saying when we will join, which will allow colleagues across the Chamber to question what further steps the Government might take to promote the expertise and experience that epitomises the best of Britain?
I thank my right hon.
Friend both for his question and for the diligent work he and his colleagues have done in raising the profile and shining a spotlight on the incredible heritage of crafts and skills that we ought to celebrate retaining and to educate others about.
I shall certainly write to the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport.
Given that my right hon.
Friend has just missed departmental questions today, I will ask her to inform him about the timetable.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
Mr Speaker, I wish you and Members across the House a very happy new year.
I thank the Leader of the House for the business statement and for announcing the Backbench Business for next Thursday.
I give her advance notice that we have a heavily subscribed application for a debate on Holocaust Memorial Day on  Thursday 25 January , if we are allocated the time.
Holocaust Memorial Day itself is on  27 January .
The Backbench Business Committee would very much welcome applications for debate slots in Westminster Hall.
We can secure for Members debate slots on Tuesday mornings and Thursday afternoons.