Holocaust Memorial Day itself is on  27 January .
The Backbench Business Committee would very much welcome applications for debate slots in Westminster Hall.
We can secure for Members debate slots on Tuesday mornings and Thursday afternoons.
While we have a glut of applications for the Chamber, we very much welcome applications for Westminster Hall debates to be submitted as soon as possible.
I am also glad to report that application forms for Backbench Business debates can now be attained from the Vote Office, so Members can now just pick up a form, fill it in and submit it.
On a local issue for my constituency, the Tyne bridge between Gateshead and Newcastle has been earmarked for funding from the Department for Transport to give it a much-needed repair job and upgrade.
I am afraid, though, that the money has been promised but has not been forthcoming, and the work very much needs to start as soon as possible.
Indeed, if we do not get the work done, it will not be sound, solid and pristine for its anniversary in four years’ time.
Will the Leader of the House check what is happening with the Department for Transport and see whether the funds can be released so that we can get on with the work?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman again for his very helpful advert for future Backbench Business debates.
In particular, it is good to hear that the Holocaust Memorial Day debate will be very well attended.
It obviously has particular poignancy this year.
I congratulate him on his innovation with the Vote Office.
That is indeed welcome progress.
The hon.
Gentleman also mentioned a very important constituency matter.
As well as celebrating a landmark anniversary, the bridge is a vital thoroughfare for his constituents.
Given that the next session of Transport questions will not be until February, I shall write to the Secretary of State on his behalf.
As a Lancashire MP, Mr Speaker, you will be aware that salmon stocks run on a knife edge in our rivers. [
Laughter.]
I know that there are many famous salmon rivers near your home, Mr Speaker.
May I ask the Leader of the House if we can have an urgent debate on the decline in this iconic species in England?
Part of that debate will have to cover the impact that cormorant predation is having on salmon smolts.
Before I sit down, I must draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests: I am a former, very undistinguished, chair of the Angling Trust.
I know that this is a matter of concern for many Members around the country.
In my own county a number of rivers are suffering particularly as a result of the issues raised by my hon.
Friend.
Given that the next relevant questions session will not be until February, I will write to the Secretary of State to make him aware of those issues.
May I wish you and your staff a happy new year, Mr Speaker?
As my hon.
Friend the shadow Leader of the House pointed out, the handling of the Post Office scandal and the delayed justice involved will be familiar to many people, including my constituents, who have been caught up in similar outrageous scandals from Grenfell to Windrush to contaminated blood.
In each case Ministers tell them that there is nothing they can do, until they are forced into action by public shame.
Will the Leader of the House please allow Government time in which we can make progress for the victims of those scandals?
I know that many Members have constituents who are still waiting for compensation or the resolution of issues on a number of fronts.