I am very keen to hear from the Church Commissioners what can be done not just here on the mainland, which I understand is the responsibility of the Church of England, but in Northern Ireland, where the Church of Ireland and other churches also wish to participate.
I am very grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
In the first instance, I suggest that he and churches in Northern Ireland might want to look at the joint archbishops’ commission on housing, which came out last year.
The commission was widely praised for its work, and we are taking that work forward in the Church of England, but I am sure that churches in Northern Ireland could learn from it as well.
The hon.
Member for Lancaster and Fleetwood, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked—
Whether the committee has had recent discussions with the Electoral Commission on the adequacy of the transparency of election finance from overseas.
The committee has not had any recent discussions with the commission on the matters raised.
The commission publishes information about donations to ensure transparency, and has powers to sanction political parties that accept impermissible foreign donations.
However, it has also highlighted that the political finance system is vulnerable to unlawful influence from donations both overseas and in the UK.
It has recommended that parties should be required to know where donations come from, and to have policies in place to manage the risk of receiving money from unlawful sources.
Last year, the parliamentary National Security Strategy Committee revealed that the Russian state attempted to interfere with the 2019 general election.
This Government have made it easier for overseas donors, including those living in Russia, to donate to UK political parties.
Does the Electoral Commission share my party’s concern that this Government are opening up UK democracy to even greater influence by hostile nations?
It would be a matter for the security services, rather than the Electoral Commission, to make a full assessment of whether unlawful foreign money has been used to campaign at UK general elections—in 2019, for example, as the hon.
Member has pointed out.
However, political parties must report when they are given an unlawful donation and return it to the donor.
In addition, the commission carries out permissibility checks on a sample of donations, and has the power to sanction political parties that accept impermissible foreign donations.
The commission will continue to recommend changes to ensure that voters can have greater confidence in the political finance system.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
Whether the commissioners are taking steps to improve the use of multimedia platforms to communicate the Church’s mission and ministry.
I am very pleased to be able to tell the hon.
Lady that the Church of England has transformed its use of digital and social media in recent years, including through  Instagram and TikTok, and our digital team has won over 30 prestigious awards for its work.
That has led to hugely increased online engagement—as the hon.
Lady and I were learning about earlier this morning—not least among those who have difficulty attending church.
In a multimedia age, there are 2 million people in the UK who are housebound, and globally many Christians across the persecuted church are unable to gather with others.
With good Christian online content such as services and podcasts, and popular series such as “The Chosen” through to the Alpha course, how is the Church equipping people to navigate that content safely and easily, in order to extend its mission with the equipment and skills needed to access it?
I commend the hon.
Lady for such an important question, which takes in the housebound in England and people persecuted across the world who cannot attend church safely; she is absolutely right to raise those issues.