The Minister will know that Warwick and Leamington—Leamington being also known as Silicon Spa—enjoys the greatest concentration of games companies in the world.
I appreciate what was said in the autumn statement, but there is a skills shortage.
Can the Minister update us on what is being done to address that?
The gaming industry in this country is world leading, and I have had the pleasure of visiting a number of gaming companies to see how they are thriving.
We have a creative industries skills package, which we committed to in the creative industries sector vision, to ensure a pipeline of talent all the way from primary school right up until someone’s second or third job, and there are measures at every single one of those steps.
Wallington FC is an amazing local football club in Roundshaw, in Carshalton and Wallington, but it is having trouble maintaining its lease with the new owners and its very old sports pavilion needs an overhaul.
Can the Minister set out what support is available from the Department or other organisations to help with that?
The volunteers that my hon.
Friend mentions are absolutely the lifeblood of community sport and it is vital that they have those facilities, as I mentioned earlier.
Again, we are investing more than £320 million, and any team can have discussions with the local authority and the Football Foundation.
I am happy to meet him privately to discuss that and perhaps give him some pointers.
Performers in the UK are having their images, voices or likenesses reproduced by others using AI technology, without their consent.
The Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988, which regulates performers’ intellectual property, does not account for AI.
When will this Government act to protect the rights of artists, performers and other creatives in the UK, or are they content to see this continued exploitation and violation of people’s intellectual property rights?
The hon.
Member will know that in the UK we have world-leading protections for copyright and intellectual property.
We want to make sure that, as we move into a new technological age with generative AI, we continue to protect creative work.
I assure her that we are working closely with the industry and the Intellectual Property Office to ensure that we get the best protections we can, and I know that an update on the IPO’s work will be published shortly.
One of the key recommendations of the Carney review into women’s football was the need for an improvement in mental health provision in elite women’s sport.
I think the Government have accepted most of the recommendations of the Carney review, so can the Secretary of State give us an update on how she thinks mental health provision needs to be improved in women’s elite sport?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight that important piece of work in Karen Carney’s review.
I know that football authorities such as the FA, for example, are starting work in this area, but that is precisely why we will be introducing the implementation group, because we want to ensure that pressure is put on to do the work that is needed, and to do it quickly.
Labour has a programme for a new generation of youth hubs, because we know that our young people are struggling with mental health challenges, school, themselves and others, and some are being picked off by criminal gangs.
In contrast with our programme, the YMCA has identified a 70% cut in funding since 2010 and a loss of 4,500 frontline youth workers.
When will the Government invest in our young people and in a comprehensive youth service?
I am grateful for the hon.
Lady’s question, because this is something I feel very passionately about.