Member for Sheffield, Hallam (Olivia Blake) , I say that it is already the case that a school has to be outstanding in all areas to receive an outstanding  grade from Ofsted, and it is not the case that we have a 20% target for reducing EHCPs, or indeed any other such target.
In conclusion, I reiterate my thanks to my right hon.
Friend the Member for Haltemprice and Howden for securing this debate and to all Members who have contributed to it.
We may disagree on certain aspects of how to achieve this, but we are united in our desire to ensure that the SEND system provides excellent outcomes to all children and young people, and that is what this Government are determined to deliver.
Ordered,
That the Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Member to serve in the present Parliament for the County Constituency of Wellingborough in the room of Peter Bone, against whom, since his election for the said County Constituency, a recall petition has been successful.—(Simon Hart.)
Ordered,
That the Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough Constituency of Kingswood in the room of Chris Skidmore, who since his election for the said Borough Constituency has been appointed to the Office of Steward and Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough and Burnham, in the county of Buckingham.—(Simon Hart.)
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment she has made of the potential merits of requiring venues to introduce a surcharge on large event tickets to support grassroots music venues.
If she will take steps to require arenas, stadiums and major festivals to charge a ticket levy to help fund grassroots live music.
I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Maldon (Sir John Whittingdale)  for supporting my maternity leave.
The chance to raise a tiny child is fleeting and precious, and his superb stewardship of my portfolio granted me that gift.
One of my big worries on standing for election and then becoming a Minister was that it might prove incompatible with starting and now expanding my family.
I simply say to other women who want to get involved in public life, “Do not be afraid.
There is a lot of talk of barriers, but service and motherhood are compatible privileges.”
As my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Norwich North (Chloe Smith)  said so encouragingly to me, you can do it.
Grassroots live music venues are the talent pipeline of our music industry.
We are supporting them with funds and rate relief.
We have no plans for a Government-mandated ticket levy, but we encourage industry discussion.
I welcome the Minister back to her place.
In Edinburgh, we benefit from a plethora of small venues that depend on the Edinburgh Festival to survive.
We also have big events every year.
At the moment all the excitement, even in my household, is about Taylor Swift coming to the city in June, but we recognise that small venues—the Music Venue Trust says 10% currently struggle to survive and depend on grants from it—do not get any benefit from big gigs.
Will the Government consider a levy to support smaller venues, because without them we will never have the Elton Johns, the Queens and the Taylor Swifts who use them to learn their craft, develop and benefit our economy and culture.
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right that grassroots venues are the talent incubators of the music industry.
She will be aware that the Chancellor gave a substantial amount of money at last year’s Budget—up to £7 million for a new hub for the Edinburgh Fringe because of that talent pipeline—for the Edinburgh Fringe and the Edinburgh Festival.