May I urge the House of Commons Commission to stand with our Australian friends and allies, and prioritise buying Australian wine and encouraging its use in our venues to make it clear that bullying does not pay?
Of course, if colleagues here wish to prioritise the purchase of Australian wine from the wine list, I encourage them to do so, but I also remind them that we have very good English wines on the wine list as well.
More generally, I am sure the nation has heard the right hon.
Gentleman’s call to arms, so when we are out in the supermarkets stocking our own shelves, perhaps we should all be mindful of buying two or three bottles of Australian wine as well—seriously—to show solidarity with our Australian friends and their growers.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
Whether the Commissioners have issued recent guidance to church parishes on securing their buildings against theft.
Back from wine to God, Mr Speaker.
Sadly, vandalism and theft are persistent issues for parish churches, and  I was sorry to learn about thefts at churches in Stanmore, Hendon, Edgware and Bushey in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I can tell him that advice from the diocese has been circulated to all parishes in the area.
Of course, the best way to deter thieves is to have a high footfall in and around churches, keeping the building open to welcome people.
I also know that the police will be providing crime prevention advice to the churches concerned.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his answer.
He is right that St John’s church in Stanmore was the subject of a burglary just before Christmas, Christ Church in Hendon was the subject of another burglary, and St Andrew’s church in Kingsbury was robbed during the mass itself.
Will my hon.
Friend use his powers to encourage the police to take extra action, particularly around Christian festivals when it seems that there is more action by burglars and a pattern of behaviour?
I think the whole House is very sorry to learn what has happened to my hon.
Friend’s local churches.
A theft during the mass is really quite extraordinary.
I will make sure that the Church of England nationally gets in touch with the Metropolitan police to pass on his concerns about that case.
On general security advice, alarm sensors and attaching safes securely to the building will help, as will making sure that there is an accurate record, and pictures of valuables can help to secure their return.
We certainly do not want a repeat of what my hon.
Friend has experienced.
What steps the Church is taking to support Christians in Cuba.
I commend the Prime Minister’s special envoy for freedom of religion or belief for yet again bringing this issue before the House.
It is extremely concerning that the Cuban Government continue to control religious activity so tightly by using surveillance, harassment, forced exile, fines and ill-treatment of prisoners.
The Church of England works multilaterally through the United Nations, the World Council of Churches and other bodies to advocate vigorously for freedom of religion or belief for everyone in Cuba.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that reply.
The Open Doors 2024 world watchlist will be launched in the Palace of Westminster on  17 January , and I urge all colleagues to attend.
I anticipate that once again it will, sadly, indicate a deteriorating picture of freedom for Christians around the world as autocratic regimes seek to suppress dissenting voices.
On Cuba, I thank the Church Commissioner for sharing my concerns about reports on the worsening situation, particularly for religious leaders there.
As he mentioned, many are subject to harassment, fines, forced exile, detention and ill-treatment in prison.
Will he join me in calling for the release of religious prisoner of conscience Pastor Lorenzo Rosales Fajardo?
My hon.