Its first meeting is in March.
I will keep a very close eye on the board, and will work very closely with my right hon.
Friend the Under-Secretary on that and every other issue.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
As 2023 drew to a close, official statistics highlighted that under this Government the creative industries continued to thrive.
They now employ almost 2.5 million workers, a growth of 4.4%, so we are well on our way to meeting our objectives to grow the creative industries by £50 billion and increase employment by 1 million by 2030.
Local commercial radio, whether in Lancashire or Suffolk, can fill the gap left by the reduction in BBC local radio coverage, but in the Lowestoft and Waveney area it is constrained in doing so, as the local digital audio broadcasting network has not been extended to cover the area.
Please can my right hon.
and learned Friend arrange for that important infrastructure, which is available throughout most of the UK, to be extended to north-east Suffolk as soon as possible?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend on the importance of local radio to listeners across the UK, and I know that he is an effective campaigner for his local area.
The BBC and commercial radio are responsible for the operation of their respective radio networks, including the DAB radio networks, but I have asked my officials to engage with local DAB multiplex operators and broadcasters to look at whether there is a desire to increase local DAB coverage further.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, in the media world, content is king, and that that is why we must support our world-leading creative talent?
Will she take steps to require artificial intelligence developers to provide songwriters and composers with detailed information as to how their works are being used, including when authorisation has been granted for use of those works as training data?
The right hon.
Member is absolutely right about the importance of protecting the original work of the creative industries.
I have held a number of roundtables to ensure that we protect that originality.
The Intellectual Property Office is working on that very issue, and I have been liaising with it and with the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology.
The Secretary of State will be aware that the Premier League and the English Football League have held meetings, and yet have failed to come up with a solution for a fairer redistribution of funding.
Given their inability to come to an agreement, will she get the two sides together round the table—she is probably already doing it—to encourage them to come up with a solution?
Failing that, if legislation is necessary, will she consider it, because we do not want to see any clubs going under?
It is absolutely right that a deal should be done.
The Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Pudsey (Stuart Andrew) , and I have been encouraging all the authorities to come to an arrangement.
We have been clear that if no arrangement is reached, there will obviously be a backstop in the legislation for the football regulator that we will bring forward to the House shortly.
As the Secretary of State will be aware, charities are facing an extremely challenging fundraising environment and, at the same time, are trying to respond to increased demands due to the cost of living crisis.
Will she explain why the Government continue to impose sales restrictions on charity lottery fundraising, the removal of which would not cost the Treasury a single penny, but would  ensure much-needed additional funds for charitable causes?
That would hugely benefit communities in my constituency and across the whole UK.
As probably one of the few Members of this House who have actually set up a charities lottery, I understand the importance of them.