When will the Government invest in our young people and in a comprehensive youth service?
I am grateful for the hon.
Lady’s question, because this is something I feel very passionately about.
I am very proud that we are investing £500 million in our national youth guarantee, and that we already have in place a programme to build youth clubs—we have already built 87 throughout the country, spending £300 million.
We want constructive things for people to do, which is why we are spending £300 million on our sports pitches.
I have strengthened the statutory guidance in relation to what local authorities are required to do, and we are working across Departments to ensure that our young people have something to do, somewhere to go and someone to talk to.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
Whether the Commissioners are taking steps to support choral music in cathedrals.
The Church Commissioners provided £1 million to support music in cathedrals during the pandemic.
That sum was match funded by the Cathedral Music Trust.
The commissioners are extremely grateful to the trust for doing what it did to help ensure that worship in our cathedrals remains of the highest calibre.
My hon.
Friend will know that cathedral schools, such as Lichfield Cathedral School, play an important part in providing young choristers for cathedrals, but they are very concerned that if they  have to charge 20% on their fees, and possibly lose their charitable status, they may no longer be viable and will go bust.
What assessment have the commissioners made of the effects of such a change?
I can tell my hon.
Friend that there is a concern that cathedral schools may not be able to afford to pay business rates.
If the payment of business rates and the addition of VAT on fees cause choir schools to close, that would be an issue for a number of cathedrals.
What steps the Church is taking to support work by local authorities and the Government on reducing rough sleeping.
Many parish churches provide shelters and support for rough sleepers.
The Church of England is working to provide long-term secure housing for those who need it, and piloting projects to build housing on Church land to enable that to happen.
Church buildings and congregations can work well with local councils to reduce rough sleeping by providing not only a bed and a meal, but the opportunity for lasting spiritual and emotional support through membership of the Church family.
What further support can the Church of England offer parishes in Torbay that are undertaking such work?
I warmly congratulate all the churches in Torbay on the provision of the night shelter, and I single out in particular Mark Gridley and Gary Mitchell, who I know have been instrumental in leading that work—I am sure that the whole House is grateful for what they are doing.
It is also typical of my hon.
Friend that, as I understand it, he provides a Sunday evening surgery at the shelter.
I am sure that churches across England could learn from that excellent initiative.
If any churches would welcome conversation with the Church of England about housing on Church land, I ask them to get in touch with me directly and I will enable that to happen.
In my constituency, unfortunately, at this time of year we are witnessing a number of people who are homeless—we have not seen that for some time.
The story of Christmas tells of Mary’s journey before the birth of baby Jesus, when they too were homeless.
I am very keen to hear from the Church Commissioners what can be done not just here on the mainland, which I understand is the responsibility of the Church of England, but in Northern Ireland, where the Church of Ireland and other churches also wish to participate.
I am very grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question.