Parents and teachers  know that and frequently say that the issue is not just about money.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Mansfield (Ben Bradley)  made that point well in his speech, and I intend to pick up with him the discussion about conflicting priorities.
The system needs reform, which is why we published our SEND and alternative provision improvement plan last year, with the aim of getting children and young people the right support, in the right place, at the right time.
There is a lot within the plan, but I wish to draw out three key areas briefly, because they are the ones that have come up most this afternoon and are in the petitions attached to this debate.
First, on special school provision and capital funding, which was raised by  the hon.
Member for Harrow West (Gareth Thomas)  and others, we are making a £2.6 billion investment, £1.5 billion of which has already been allocated.
That is on top of our delivery of new special and alternative provision free schools.
There are currently 106 special free schools open and a further 78 have been approved to open in the future.
Secondly, on combatting regional variations, the plan will move us towards a national system with national standards, which we have never previously had.
Across the country, we now have nine change programme partnerships, which each have between two and four local areas, together with local schools, health services and parents.
What they are doing is, for example, testing an EHCP template that we hope can be used nationally, which will improve the timeliness and quality of EHCPs.
We are developing national standards of support for special educational needs, beginning with one for speech and language, which will be released later this year.
We are also publishing a local and national inclusion dashboard, which parents will be able to access.
They will be able to see how their local area is doing, which will drive accountability.
Thirdly, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Torbay (Kevin Foster)  asked about the skills and knowledge of staff in mainstream schools.
Our teacher standards already include clear expectations that teachers must understand the needs of all pupils, including those with special educational needs, but we are reviewing the core content framework and the early careers framework to improve their confidence in this area.
We have a universal SEND services programme, which more than 11,000 staff have already accessed to improve their knowledge and skills.
We are also funding the training of 7,000 early years staff with a level 3 SENCO qualification, as my hon.
Friend the Chair of the Education Committee said.
Some 5,200 staff have begun that training, so we are on track with that target.
There are many other points that I wanted to respond to, but I have only eight minutes, so I will just say to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for West Suffolk (Matt Hancock)  and my hon.
Friends the Members for Tewkesbury (Mr Robertson), for South West Bedfordshire (Andrew Selous), for Gedling (Tom Randall), for Waveney (Peter Aldous), for Aylesbury (Rob Butler) and others that I understand their point about regional variations.
It is based partly on deprivation and other factors and partly on the historical spend factors that have been referred to.
I am happy to sit down with anybody to talk about those things.
To  the hon.
Member for Sheffield, Hallam (Olivia Blake) , I say that it is already the case that a school has to be outstanding in all areas to receive an outstanding  grade from Ofsted, and it is not the case that we have a 20% target for reducing EHCPs, or indeed any other such target.
In conclusion, I reiterate my thanks to my right hon.
Friend the Member for Haltemprice and Howden for securing this debate and to all Members who have contributed to it.