However, despite six years of hard work and good initiatives, the problem has got worse; the level of loneliness has risen by half a million since 2020.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck)  said, the pandemic and now the cost of living crisis have created new pressures, and with charities and local authorities facing higher demand and rising costs, it is increasingly difficult for them to respond.
Given all those challenges, what has the Minister done to prepare for a refreshed national strategy to tackle loneliness?
This is a complex area and a lot of the research done since the strategy was launched in 2018 has helped us to understand the issue in a lot more detail.
Chronic loneliness has remained at about the same level, but there is still more work to be done.
That is why we are now taking very targeted approaches to specific demographics within our society.
I am also convening a cross-government meeting of Ministers from across Departments to see what more we can do to make sure we are meeting our strategy ambition.
What steps her Department is taking to support local communities and special interest groups in protecting heritage assets.
DCMS welcomes applications through Historic England for local heritage assets to be considered for designation.
We are also committed to supporting communities to care for their local heritage assets, including  through Historic England’s repair grants for heritage at risk and the National Lottery Heritage Fund’s grants for heritage.
With both RAF Northolt and the Battle of Britain Bunker in the heart of my constituency, the people of Uxbridge and South Ruislip share incredibly deep ties with the second world war, especially in the context of the Royal Air Force.
As the 84th anniversary of the battle of Britain approaches, would my hon.
Friend meet me and other local groups dedicated to preserving the important fabric of both of these valuable heritage sites, to ensure all is done for them to continue to stand as testaments to the bravery of the few who preserved our freedoms?
My constituency shares deep ties with my hon.
Friend’s, as RAF Hornchurch is in my constituency.
Some RAF fighters based there joined in the battle of Britain, protecting London and our nation at a time  of deep terror.
We have a fantastic local museum at RAF Hornchurch, if I may just give it a plug, that is run by volunteers and is an absolute treasure trove; I recommend it.
I understand that my hon.
Friend has met with the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State, Lord Parkinson of Whitley Bay, who is responsible for arts and heritage, but I understand that we will also have an opportunity to debate the subject in greater detail next week, and I look forward to that.
Hadrian’s Wall runs through the heart of Newcastle’s west end, but it is little celebrated or signposted, and the Hadrian’s Wall national trail does not actually follow the wall’s path through my constituency.
What help can the Minister offer to local communities keen to celebrate this history, which is literally in their backyard?
I was not aware of this outrageous oversight on paths and signage, so I will raise it with Lord Parkinson at the next opportunity.
I call the Father of the House.
Will the Minister help the heritage of Victoria Tower Gardens and the voluntary organisations London Parks & Gardens Trust and the Thorney Island Society by getting the UK Holocaust Memorial Foundation to unredact the minutes of December 2018, so that I can quote them when I appear at the hybrid Bill Committee on Wednesday?
I confess I am not sure about the issue my hon.
Friend refers to, so I will do some investigation and we will see what the Department can do to facilitate his request.
I thank the Minister for her positive answers; it is good to see her back in her place.