Now the site is back on the market, will the Minister join me, local sports groups and the local authority in backing the community’s bid for the site?
Will he also put in a friendly word with relevant Ministers on the bid to the community ownership fund?
I commend the hon.
Lady for her commitment to improving sports facilities in her local area, and I commend all the volunteers, like Jonathan Dunn, who do a tremendous amount of work.
Frankly, without them we would not have so many people being  physically active.
The Football Foundation and Sport England are always ready to discuss potential investments, and I would be happy to provide the hon.
Lady with those contacts.
Of course, I will raise this issue with my colleagues in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities.
The community sports area on Tithe Farm Road in Houghton Regis is about to get an amazing new all-weather facility funded by developer money, town council money, Central Bedfordshire Council money and Government money.
Will the Minister come to open the facility?
It is much needed and should be celebrated.
How could I possibly resist such an invitation?
It is always a great honour to open facilities in this role, and I am delighted that we are so busy that we are opening thousands of them.
What steps her Department is taking to support local journalism.
We recognise that local media face serious challenges to their sustainability.
Our digital markets legislation will help to rebalance the relationship between publishers and platforms, and the Government have been exploring the role of the BBC in local news through the mid-term charter review.
We continue to consider all possible options in the interest of promoting and sustaining local newspapers, because we think they are vital pillars of the community and of a thriving democracy.
Low pay and job insecurity are rife in local journalism.
There have recently been big redundancies at my local paper, the Evening Chronicle, which has lost a third of its news reporters and half its sports reporters over a two-year period, meaning that my constituents get less local news, less coverage of emergency incidents and less coverage of their beloved sports teams.
What further steps will the Minister take to address the issue of retaining careers in local journalism?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising these issues.
I know that sustaining a good, financially beneficial career is a concern for many people working in journalism.
Before I went on leave, I met Reach and other local newspaper groups to talk about some of the challenges they face.
The Government are doing what we can through our ad spend, and we have looked at various things over the years, including zero rating of VAT, rates relief and so on, to try to help the sustainability of the local newspaper model.
Ultimately, sustainability is at the heart of the challenge of giving local journalists places to have good careers.
We are encouraging the BBC’s local democracy reporting service, which gives journalists opportunities beyond local newspapers.
I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the Minister back to her place.
The Government are one of the biggest advertisers in the UK yet, when it comes to placing adverts and campaigns, local papers  such as the Barnsley Chronicle can be overlooked in favour of buying ad space online.
Many people in this country do not have digital access or still rely on print media as their primary source of news and information, and our local papers are struggling.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that the Government’s policy on placing adverts supports the interests of both our press and the public?
I thank the hon.
Lady for highlighting this issue, which the Cabinet Office leads on.
The DCMS has been in talks with the Cabinet Office about that spend.
As I say, I have spoken to groups such as Reach about this previously.