Lady for highlighting this issue, which the Cabinet Office leads on.
The DCMS has been in talks with the Cabinet Office about that spend.
As I say, I have spoken to groups such as Reach about this previously.
I was in the Cabinet Office during the pandemic, when some large adverts were used and some of the issues faced were about regularity; the Government spent a large amount of money with local newspapers because of that audience reach, because of older readership and so on.
So the Government do a lot in this area, but I appreciate that there is always more we can look to do and I understand the point she is making about online advertising.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on developing new sports facilities in Devon and Cornwall.
As I mentioned a moment ago, the Government are investing in facilities up and down the country.
I am pleased to say that the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme has invested, through the Football Foundation, more than £766,000 since 2022 across Devon and Cornwall, supporting 79 projects so far with equipment.
Groups such as the Torquay athletics club do great work in coaching and encouraging young people across Torbay to participate in sport, yet there are no synthetic 400-metre track and field athletics facilities suitable for high-level training in our bay.
What opportunities does the Minister see for getting such a facility in Torbay to address that need?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue.
It is vital that communities have access to the right facilities, in order to help us meet our target of having more than 3 million more people being active by 2030.
Sport England has provided more than £20 million to support grassroots projects in the region.
I would be happy to share a full list of the available funds that are open for him to have a look at.
Let me also add my thanks to his constituents for the work they are doing in getting people more active.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle loneliness.
Since the tackling loneliness strategy launched in 2018, the Government  and their partners have invested more than £80 million in tackling loneliness.
The 2023 annual report included 60 new cross-government commitments, and updates on progress on things included in that report are due to be published in March.
Severe cuts have left a £600 million gap in adult social care funding.
More than 1 million lonely and isolated elderly people now rely on charities such as Re-engage, which I volunteer with, to plug that gap.
I know that the Minister does care about this, but surely he must recognise that those cuts and their leading to that rise in desperate loneliness are because of this Government.
First, let me pay tribute to the hon.
Lady for the work she does with those charities.
The partnership between Government and charities has made the UK one of the world’s leading countries on tackling loneliness.
That is why in the Budget in 2023 we announced £100 million of support for charities and community organisations, recognising the challenges they face and paying tribute to them for the work they are doing in tackling this important issue.
I call the shadow Minister.
When the Government released their national strategy in 2018, we had a far more limited understanding of loneliness, its consequences and the effectiveness of interventions than we do now.
However, despite six years of hard work and good initiatives, the problem has got worse; the level of loneliness has risen by half a million since 2020.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck)  said, the pandemic and now the cost of living crisis have created new pressures, and with charities and local authorities facing higher demand and rising costs, it is increasingly difficult for them to respond.