Friend  the Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake) , but I think we will find them necessary.
While the inquiry will look at some of the issues raised in this place, the hon.
Lady is right that we should reflect now on what we could learn, and in particular what we should conclude about the powers given to arm’s length bodies of the state and what operational independence should mean for those organisations.
Subsequent Conservative Administrations have been right in gripping and trying to resolve some difficult and long-running issues, from Windrush to the apology given by the noble Lord Cameron to the Hillsborough families, the apology given by the current Prime Minister to former members of our armed forces who had been shamed and driven out of service for being gay, and the 2017 infected blood inquiry and the later compensation study, which will make some amends for the decades of injustice and suffering that those people have endured.
I am optimistic that we will reach some justice for those affected this year; I know that the Paymaster General is working hard to do that.
We were right to have a full public inquiry into the Horizon Post Office scandal, and we have rightly heard much about that this week, including in statements and urgent questions.
I pay tribute to all right hon.
and hon.
Members and to the noble Lord Arbuthnot for the work they have done on this issue.
I also pay tribute to the Under-Secretary of State for Business and Trade, my hon.
Friend the Member for Thirsk and Malton.
In 2021, as a Back Bencher, he was fighting hard for sub-postmasters, and he has diligently pursued this issue in his ministerial role.
That is his record on this issue and on much else, too.
I remind the House that when he was chair of the all-party parliamentary group on fair business banking, he helped people whose businesses had been deliberately and cynically destroyed by their lenders, winning compensation from Lloyds, HBOS and Royal Bank of Scotland to the tune of hundreds of millions of pounds.
He is a very good man, and I know that he will bring forward legislation on this issue quickly.
The hon.
Lady mentioned NHS performance data.
Monthly performance data shows that in November overall waiting lists fell by more than 95,000 from October, down to 7.6 million.
There were also 60,000 fewer patients waiting for care in November than in the previous month, and 112,000 fewer than in September.
We have some difficult issues to deal with post pandemic, but the Prime Minister’s plan is working, and the new Secretary of State for Health is bringing forward further measures.
As the hon.
Lady will know, we have stood up an enormous number of new services and new healthcare professionals as well as immense numbers of new diagnostic centres, and we are vastly increasing the number of operations that can take place.
I do not wish to take any lectures from the hon.
Lady on performance in the NHS.
I point her to what Labour is doing in Wales, where I think the current situation in  terms of waiting lists is four times worse than in England.
Nor will I take any lessons on tax from a party that is clobbering British citizens where it is in power.
It is doubling rates in Wales, and its London Mayor is clobbering hard-working people and charities with the ultra low emission zone.
He has just capitulated to the militant trade unions on transport but does not know where to find the money to do that.
Labour is soft on crime; the Met’s £70 million black hole in its budget demonstrates that.
Time and again, where Labour is in power, it shows that it is not on the side of the British people.
I call the Father of the House.
My right hon.