I confess I am not sure about the issue my hon.
Friend refers to, so I will do some investigation and we will see what the Department can do to facilitate his request.
I thank the Minister for her positive answers; it is good to see her back in her place.
We have some incredible heritage in Strangford, which goes back long before Ards and North Down Borough Council was brought together.
The council has some ideas for promoting first and second world war heritage at the Somme Museum at Conlig.
Have any discussions  taken place with Ards and North Down Borough Council to ensure that our heritage is retained for everyone, culturally, historically and visually?
I have just been informed that my ministerial colleague had a very positive visit to the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency—I am sure he always offers a good time in Northern Ireland.
I will ask if there have been any discussions with his local authority on that basis.
What steps she is taking to support UK musicians seeking to tour in Europe.
I am still feeling slightly embarrassed by my answer to  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) !
We have engaged with EU member states to clarify guidance and, where possible, improve arrangements when for EU touring.
The vast majority of EU member states—23 of the 27—offer visa and permit-free routes to touring.
We are always looking at what more we can do, including through the music export growth scheme, which is being tripled to £3.2 million over the next two years.
Glasgow North is home to many talented musicians, some of whom play in Scotland’s world-class orchestras, but the Association of British Orchestras has warned that the removal of tax credits for performances in the European economic area is a direct result of Brexit and could make touring in Europe unviable for orchestras.
What is the Minister’s message to my constituents, whose ability to tour in Europe is being sacrificed on the altar of Brexit fundamentalism?
Unlike the SNP, we actually listen to what people say in referenda, so I am afraid we will not be rejoining the EU and therefore we cannot have special tax privileges on that basis.
DCMS is aware of the concerns of touring orchestras.
We are facilitating discussions with His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs so the orchestras know precisely where they stand on some of the issues they have raised.
What steps her Department is taking to support the growth of the film and television industry.
We have seen significant growth in the film and TV industries.
The support that we have taken includes reforms to audiovisual tax reliefs, uplifts for animation and children’s TV, and £28 million of investment in the UK global screen fund.
As I have said, the Labour party voted against all our tax reliefs and, as far as I am aware, has offered no funding to those industries.
I thank my right hon.
and learned Friend for her answer.
She will know that there is now more studio space for feature film production in the home counties than there is in Hollywood.
However,  there is a vulnerability.
We found that out at the time of the American writers and actors’ strikes, when a number of my friends, and many other people who are not my friends, were made redundant temporarily because film production halted.
How can we make the British film industry more independent of the American production machine?
I know that my hon.
Friend is himself a veteran of the silver screen, appearing in the brilliant British “House of Cards”.
Our film industry is world leading.
He is right that the strikes caused disruption.
We work very closely with our partners in other jurisdictions.
One example is the international hit film “Barbie”, which was filmed in the UK, supported 750 jobs, added £80 million to our economy and earned more than £1.1 billion at the global box office.