The hon.
Lady is absolutely right that grassroots venues are the talent incubators of the music industry.
She will be aware that the Chancellor gave a substantial amount of money at last year’s Budget—up to £7 million for a new hub for the Edinburgh Fringe because of that talent pipeline—for the Edinburgh Fringe and the Edinburgh Festival.
We are doing what we can with various different pots of money, but we also think there is room for the industry to find a solution on ticket levies.
We think it is probably best for the industry to do that, rather than mandate it as a Government.
I welcome my hon.
Friend back to her place.
In 2023, across the country, not just in Edinburgh, live music boomed, with some 22 million people attending gigs, yet 76 small venues closed—more than one a week.
I draw the Minister’s attention to an analogy with another hugely successful leisure industry, football, where a small amount of the enormous riches gained by the Premier League is allowed to trickle down to the grassroots so that the future of the sport is preserved.
Just as with football, we have hugely profitable large arenas where the superstars of today perform and create huge revenues.
A levy on the tickets from those sorts of shows—[Interruption.]
I am sorry, Mr Speaker; I am very passionate about this—would help small venues to produce the superstars of tomorrow, so will the Minister take a positive attitude towards a levy?
My right hon.
Friend has made his point well, if not briefly.
We agree about the importance of grassroots music, which is why we have given another £5 million to the supporting grassroots music fund, but we are also in close touch with the Music Venue Trust, which has a great initiative called “Own Our Venues”.
Arts Council England is helping with the purchase of some of the freeholds of these venues.
We support that as well, but we think there is more scope for the industry to lead a solution, and we are backing talks between different parts of the industry.
Let us hear from the industry.
I call Pete Wishart.
The music industry is just about the most unequal sector in the whole of society.
Those at the bottom—the  vast majority—earn an absolute pittance, while those at the very top have unimaginable earnings.
Surely we should be doing everything possible to try to change that.
It is the sensible option: they do it in France, and the Scottish National party Government are considering doing it in Scotland.
Will the Minister support that effort and initiative in Scotland, and if it shows that it can help redistribute some of this money, will she follow that example?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for telling us what the Scottish National party is doing.
I had understood that it was cutting a substantial amount from the arts budget.
We have been supporting, for instance, the Edinburgh grassroots hub.
I think there is a great deal of appetite in this place for a solution; I also think that the best option is for those in the industry to get together, and we are backing discussions of that kind.
Indeed, before I went on leave I talked to Mark Davyd of the Music Venue Trust about the issue.
I, too, warmly welcome the Minister back to her place.
She mentioned the £5 million for the supporting grassroots music fund, and that is greatly welcomed, but let us be clear: festivals, rehearsal spaces and independent promoters are also eligible for the fund.
That is a lot of mouths to feed.
They are all important parts of the ecosystem, and they all need funds.
In real terms, this is a tiny amount of money for grassroots music venues.
Is my hon.
Friend pushing the Treasury to expand that funding to ensure that it can go further?
I thank the hon.