There is a nationwide campaign, which includes Scotland.
According to the latest figures, there are 1,825 households receiving pension credit in Banff and Buchan, but what more can we do as Members of Parliament to encourage more pensioners to apply?
My hon.
Friend’s campaign in his constituency has been a massive success and I thank him for that.
It builds on our nationwide campaign to support pension credit.
There is much we can do to promote it locally, which I know my hon.
Friend is doing, through our local councils, Citizens Advice and voluntary organisations.
Does the Minister share my horror at rising homelessness among refugees who have been granted asylum because the timescale from decision to their  being transitioned to mainstream benefits is a mere  28 days?
Will she meet me so that we can work together to stop those who have been granted the right to a new life here being forced to begin that new life in destitution on the streets this winter?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his point.
Other ID forms are there to help claim sooner.
Those granted refugee status have recourse to public funds and are able to apply for universal credit as soon as they can.
DWP staff are instructed to consider all available evidence and work with the Home Office directly to confirm status where unsure.
We are reviewing our public guidance to ensure that all those getting that status claim support as soon as possible.
The cost of living payments from the Government are undoubtedly bringing real benefits to my constituents, but what support is available for those who are not eligible for that specific support?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the opportunity to mention the household support fund, providing local authorities with further funding which is discretionary for those most in need, particularly those ineligible for cost of living payments.
The latest year-long extension in England runs to March next year.
Buckinghamshire Council received nearly £4.8 million in its latest extension.
The proposals in the work capability assessment activities and descriptors consultation will mean some claimants will lose £390 a month if they are reassessed, pushing them even further into poverty.
Will the Minister or the Secretary of State please explain this huge financial impact on low-income people with disabilities or a serious health condition?
No final decisions have been made.
We have had the consultation and we will respond appropriately in the normal way.
May we have specific detail on the help that jobcentres are giving to armed forces veterans, who must live with the consequences of decisions made by Governments?
A very pertinent point after the weekend when we paid tribute in our local communities and after what we saw on the Elizabeth Tower.
The DWP continues to work to identify universal credit claimants who are members of the armed forces community, with 11 dedicated forces champion leads and over 50 armed forces champions across our jobcentre network working with spouses and partners, too.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
Those Trussell Trust figures published last week made grim reading.
Does the Secretary of State recognise that if working-age benefits are uprated by less than September’s rate of inflation in April next year, there will inevitably be another big surge in food bank demand and destitution?
The right hon.
Gentleman has raised an important point.
I take the uprating process extremely seriously, and, as he will know, I look at a number of factors, including the effects on poverty.
However, as he will also understand, I am not able to comment on a parliamentary process that has not yet been concluded.
May I ask a question about auto-enrolment and pensions?