In fact, since September 2020 the DWP’s youth offer has seen over 600,000 starts.
As I mentioned earlier, our comprehensive support for young people now encompasses those from age 16.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Minister began answering these questions by claiming credit for having better youth unemployment figures now than in the aftermath of a global financial crisis, which seems  to me to be a low ambition.
As she has heard, we have problems with inactivity and we have more young people who are not doing anything.
What account can she give for the fact that, even after 13 and a half long years of Conservative Government, we have worse youth unemployment than Ireland, Norway and the Czech Republic, and that here it is double what it is in Germany and treble what it is in Japan?
What on earth has gone wrong?
I think that is a reminder to continually speak up for opportunities for our young people.
The current youth employment rate is 53.9%, up three percentage points since 2010.
It has been my absolute mission in this Parliament, over the last four and a half years, to focus on young people, with around 140 new youth hubs to support the complex needs of young people.
I humbly suggest that the hon.
Member goes and looks at the changes that are happening, to see the difference being made in communities up and down the land.
We are not writing young people off; we are making sure that we support them.
I went to see a new youth hub only last week, and the work being done on housing and with partners is innovative.
It means young people with smiles on their faces and their futures in their hands.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of benefit levels in the context of rises in the cost of living.
The Government have never spent more on welfare and benefit support than we presently do.
From April 2023, we uprated benefits by 10.1% and increased the benefit cap levels by the same amount.
That is on top of the cost of living support that has been made to multiple households and individuals to address the rising cost of bills.
I thank the Minister for that answer, but he will be aware that the Trussell Trust has warned that food banks are at “breaking point”, as more and more people across the UK are unable to afford the essentials, with new figures showing that 1.5 million emergency food parcels were distributed through the charity’s network between April and September this year.
Will the Minister therefore back its joint campaign with the Joseph Rowntree Foundation calling for an essentials guarantee within universal credit, to ensure that the basic rate at least covers life’s essentials and that support can never fall below that level?
The hon.
Member will be aware that there has been £94 billion of cost of living support over and above the 10.1% increase in benefit rates.
That support is over 2022-23 and 2023-24.
For example, the winter fuel payment will be paid to the tune of £600 or £500 over the next few weeks.
Would the Minister agree that the journey we have been on with benefit rates for the last decade and a half has perhaps been a little haphazard, and it is pretty unclear to most people  exactly what basket of goods and services benefits are actually meant to buy?
If the Minister does not agree with the case for an essentials guarantee, will the Government commission their own study to work out if benefits are at the right level?
My hon.
Friend makes an interesting point, which is clearly a matter for the Secretary of State and the Chancellor when they make their decisions on uprating, and I am sure they will take that on board.