The hon.
Lady’s question is best directed to the Department for Business and Trade rather than DWP, as it relates to employment legislation and regulation.
However, I am pleased to tell her that we have our 50PLUS champions, work champions in our jobcentres, the Midlife MOT and many other measures that are there to help exactly the people she describes.
We fund apprentices to achieve English and maths qualifications by the end of their apprenticeships.
We understand how important they are for people’s long-term career prospects, and we are boosting the rate for those qualifications by 54% from January.
We are also piloting flexible English and maths requirements for young people with learning difficulties or disabilities, to ensure that they are not overlooked when it comes to apprenticeship opportunities.
There have been transformational changes in childcare, skills, training and support for future employers, as announced at the spring Budget.
It is absolutely the case that from  April 2024, eligible working parents of two-year-olds will be able to access 15 hours of free childcare per week from the term after the second birthday, plus there will be the delivery of more support for working parents of children over the age of nine months with 30 free hours of childcare.
There is nowhere in the world that compares with our childcare offer on an ongoing basis.
We have virtually Scandinavian levels.
May I begin by welcoming the new Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Louth and Horncastle (Victoria Atkins) , to her place?
This has been a good and full debate.
It has, in large part, been fairly well-informed, although I thought the quality of the offerings from behind me was a little ahead of that from in front.
None the less, it has been a good and passionate debate.
No effort today was in any way better than that of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Uxbridge and South Ruislip (Steve Tuckwell) , who gave us a virtuoso example of a maiden speech.
He referred to the fact that it was in his constituency that Winston Churchill first uttered the immortal words,
“Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.”
Of course, Churchill then repeated that in this Chamber, but not with the same eloquence as my hon.
Friend, and he certainly did not manage to squeeze in a tribute to the Middlesex Arms, my hon.
Friend’s local pub, where I am sure a free beer awaits him—that is probably where he is at this very moment.
Now that I too, in addition to him, have mentioned his local pub, I hope that a second pint awaits him.
There are certain things that the shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Leicester West (Liz Kendall) , and I can agree on, and smoking is one of them.
I was interested to learn that she is a former smoker.
They always say that former smokers have a passionate desire to stop other people smoking, and she certainly demonstrated that.
We know that one in four cancers is caused by smoking.
As a father of three young daughters, vaping is of great concern to me personally, and I was pleased to see the reference in the King’s Speech to getting on top of those kinds of products and the way in which they are retailed.
The hon.
Lady also mentioned mental health, as did many of this afternoon’s speakers.
We have said that we will come forward with a mental health Bill if parliamentary time allows, and of course that does not mean we have not already done a very great deal in exactly that space, or will not do a great deal further.
Some £2 billion of extra funding is already going into mental healthcare compared with four years ago, with a 20% increase in staffing since 2010.