The work capability assessment is a functional assessment based on how a person’s condition affects them, not on the condition itself.
Work capability assessors have training across a range of health conditions, including neurological conditions, and can access a range of resources that have been quality-assured by relevant external clinicians.
My entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests has not been published yet, but I am a trustee of an epilepsy charity.
I thank the Minister for his welcome and for that answer, but for people with neurological conditions, particularly multiple sclerosis and epilepsy, the condition is not uniform.
One week they might be affected in one way, and the next week in a different way.
so the capability assessments have to match that so that they meet people’s capabilities as they are.
The published consultation on reforming the assessments is still causing a lot of concern for people with those conditions, so what more can the Minister do to make it a holistic process that recognises people’s needs as they are?
I am not in a position to set out the outcome of recent work capability assessment consultation, but a key principle underpinning the test and trials that I touched on earlier is to take better account of fluctuating conditions, helping people to provide high-quality evidence as early as possible in the claim journey.
We are spending a lot of time working with stakeholders to develop that work, and I would be very willing to have a conversation with the hon.
Gentleman about that.
What steps his Department is taking to support people in Essex into employment.
Employment in Essex is up 4% on 2020 figures and better than in 2010.
Full credit goes to the Essex jobcentre  staff, who, working across the county with local skills providers, are providing real opportunities for local men and women.
They held a 50-plus event in Witham recently, for example, and my right hon.
Friend will be aware that there is a jobs fair in Maldon on Wednesday, just down the road from her constituency.
My hon.
Friend is well aware of the fact that Essex is a powerhouse when it comes to employment, job creation and economic growth.
That said, many businesses are still frustrated because they find recruitment and training difficult.
We have the autumn statement coming up, but will he touch on some of the cross-departmental discussions he has been having to look at how we can support businesses by lowering taxes, getting rid of regulation and red tape, and helping them to employ more people and grow the economy?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for her question, and for her robust championing of Conservative values and support for businesses and jobs in her constituency and across Essex.
We at the DWP are working across Government to ensure that we consider different ways of supporting jobs, investment, childcare support, higher-paid skills and pathways into work.
The views of my right hon.
Friend are strongly put, and I am quite sure that Treasury Ministers and the Chancellor will have taken due notice.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce youth unemployment.
The level of youth unemployment is down by 43.8% since 2010, and this Government remain committed to delivering targeted support to young people through our expanded DWP youth offer, providing comprehensive employment support for 16 to 24-year-olds claiming universal credit.
That offer includes intensive support through the youth employment programme, youth employability coaches and youth hubs across Great Britain.
I visit businesses on a weekly basis, and one thing they tell me in Ashfield is that they struggle to recruit apprentices.
One of the barriers is the requirement for English and maths, because a lot of these young people would make great apprentices but they either messed about at school or have not had that support.