The new Health and Social Care Secretary has an opportunity to break with the past year.
Strikes are crippling the NHS and they are putting patients in harm’s way.
Her predecessor may have thought that they were a useful excuse for his failure, but they were, and are, a misery for patients and staff alike.
The Government must stop the scapegoating of NHS staff, go into these negotiations with good faith, work at finding a solution, and, finally, bring these strikes to an end.
There will be  no progress on turning around our national health service until the Government make some progress.
When summing up I hope the Minister will explain why action was not taken on the Mental Health Act 2007, because, I am afraid, the Minister’s opening remarks were entirely unsatisfactory.
The Bill has gone through Committee.
It has cross-party support.
It is ready to go, so where is it?
The treatment of people with learning disabilities and autism under the current Act shames our society.
The disproportionate impact on black people, who are four times more likely to be sectioned than white people, is appalling.
Prisons and police cells are no place for people with mental ill-health.
Surely that is not controversial in 2023.
It is, as the former Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Maidenhead (Mrs May) , said, “a burning injustice”.
I cannot understand why the Government have broken their promise to address that matter finally.
It is long past time that mental health was treated with the same seriousness as physical health.
Labour will not only reform the Mental Health Act in our first King’s Speech, but recruit thousands more mental health professionals, provide hubs in every community, and set up mental health support in every school, so that young people can get the help they need when they need it. [
Interruption.]
The Minister says that they have done that.
What planet is she living on?
This is the problem with these Ministers.
Even when the faces change, the lines remain the same.
The Minister has not changed, but she is still reading from the same failed script.
This is the problem with the Conservative party.
Its message to the country is simple: “You have never had it so good.
Everything is going really well.
The reason we are churning all the Ministers in our Cabinet is that they are doing such a good job.
It is job done and time to give someone else a chance.”
I am afraid that that is why these Conservatives are so out of touch and will struggle at the next general election if their message to the country is that it has never had it so good.
Furthermore, unlike this Government, who crashed the economy in the most reckless way, we will pay for our policies, making sure that they are fully costed and fully funded—in this case, by ending tax breaks for private schools and private equity fund managers.
Politics is about choices: Labour chooses the wellbeing of the many, not the interests of the few, and we will fight the election on those lines any time.
I say call the election tomorrow, because we are ready.
When it comes to dentistry, I should also say farewell to two former Ministers, the hon.
Members for Colchester (Will Quince) and for Harborough (Neil O’Brien).
As the hon.
Member for Harborough departs Government, I hope that he does not take with him his pledge to bring forward a recovery plan for NHS dental services.
It has been seven months since he announced that such a plan would be forthcoming, yet it is now nowhere to be seen.
Indeed, last week, integrated care systems were given permission to raid their dentistry budget underspends and to remove the ringfence.
That follows a pilot in Cornwall, trialling making NHS dentistry available only to children and the most vulnerable.
It is the managed decline of NHS dentistry before our eyes.