For me, however, the by-election was about much more than ULEZ and its unnecessary expansion.
It was about a variety of local issues, such as securing a new hospital, keeping Uxbridge police station open, providing further support for childcare places, and protecting our green spaces for future generations.
It was a by-election campaign fought on multiple local issues of substance.
So, rather than dwelling on ULEZ, may I suggest that what also drove residents to the polls was the motivation to have an MP who understands the needs of the community, who appreciates the complexities of the community, and who is truly embedded in the community?
Since 2018, I have served as a local councillor for the London Borough of Hillingdon.
Hillingdon Council is well respected, and in some cases even envied, for its consistent year in, year out performance in core services that residents expect, be they weekly waste collections, which are quite rare these days; refurbishing libraries, not closing them; and being one of the greenest boroughs  in London, with 67 green flag awarded parks and open spaces.
All of this and more is achieved through Hillingdon Council’s continual focus on sound financial management that puts residents first.
I pay tribute to the leader of Hillingdon Council, Councillor Ian Edwards, and his executive cabinet, as well as Sir Ray Puddifoot—the former leader for over two decades—my fellow councillors, both past and present, and of course the officer team and frontline teams across all departments who deliver great services for their residents and my constituents.
During the by-election, Uxbridge and South Ruislip saw intense campaigning, with a media frenzy and a whopping 17 candidates, but being the centre of attention is not something new for my constituency.
Uxbridge is home to the Battle of Britain Bunker—one of the most popular heritage destinations in my constituency for visitors near and far.
The bunker played a key part in the allied defensive network across Britain during the second world war, and it was from that bunker that No.
11 Fighter Command was controlled.
No.
11 Fighter Command, based in Uxbridge, played a crucial role in securing victory during the battle of Britain.
Indeed, it was at the entrance to the bunker that Winston Churchill first uttered his famous words,
“Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.”
He repeated those profound words in this very Chamber four days later, on  20 August 1940 .
A bunker mentality was right for that time, but now is not that time.
This is a time not to hunker down and hide away, but to face the many complex challenges that face us here in the UK and across the globe.
The Prime Minister, the Government and my party are quite rightly looking at the long term, and have outlined clear and decisive policies that are designed to tackle the challenges we face.
They are not easy decisions, but decisions that build on the long-term horizon, rather than easy short-termism that has no foundation or substance.
I was elected to stand up for the interests of my constituents.
I was born and raised in the constituency that I now have the privilege of serving as an MP.