Every day since last winter, we have been planning and preparing for the challenges that lie ahead this winter.
The first ever NHS long-term workforce plan underpins our plans for the future of the NHS.
It will double the number of medical training places, almost double the number of adult nursing places, and expand GP and allied health professional training numbers, giving the NHS the staff it needs for the future, creating new roles, building new training pathways and delivering a huge boost in diagnostic capacity.
By the end of this year, we will have opened 160 new community diagnostic centres.
That is the biggest investment in MRI and CT scanning capacity in NHS history.
Community diagnostic centres will bring care closer to home, on high streets, in supermarket car parks and at football stadiums.
They have already done more than 5 million tests and scans, getting patients faster diagnosis for cancer, heart disease and other life-threatening conditions.
That is not all we are doing to diagnose conditions faster.
The number of people receiving blood pressure checks at local pharmacies has more than doubled, reducing thousands of people’s risk of suffering a heart attack or stroke.
We are expanding primary care, too.
There are now over 30,000 more primary care professionals working in GP practices than in March 2019.
We will deliver 50 million more GP appointments by the end of next year and we  are investing more than £200 million in tech to end the  8 am rush for GP appointments.
Pharmacy First will give people another choice, giving pharmacists the power to prescribe treatments for seven common conditions, freeing up as many as 10 million GP appointments, and as we put test results on to the NHS app, that will free up GP time again.
That is also one of the ways that this Government are giving patients more choice and control.
Just as we are going to give people more choice in where they are treated when they are referred by their GP for specialist care, we have committed to giving patients a choice between by five providers so that they are treated based on what matters to them—be that shorter waiting times, seeing a particular doctor or getting care closer to home.
We have given patients who are waiting more than 40 weeks the right to request treatment elsewhere, making better use of available capacity across the NHS and bringing in more capacity from the independent sector.
On patient choice, there is a clear dividing line between the Government and the Opposition.
The Leader of the Opposition calls the Welsh Government the blueprint for what Labour would do in power, yet in Wales, under a Labour Government, there is no legal right to patient choice, and patients there wait on average five weeks longer for treatment than in England.
We know where Labour’s plans would lead.
We just need to look at its Welsh blueprint: less choice for patients, longer waiting lists and more bureaucracy for doctors and nurses who just want to get on with the job.
Before the most disruptive industrial action in NHS history stalled progress, we were reducing the longest waits.
Last summer we hit our target to eliminate two-year waits for planned operations.
This June we had virtually eliminated waits longer than 18 months.
We are spending more than £8 billion between 2022 and 2025 to increase elective activity, including opening over 140 new surgical hubs to deliver 2 million more operations.
We are investing almost £6 billion in beds, equipment and technology, and this year we started preparing the NHS for winter sooner than ever before.
Back in January, we published our recovery plan for urgent and emergency care, setting clear targets to improve A&E waiting and ambulance response times and using £1 billion of dedicated funding to provide 5,000 more permanent staff beds and 800 new ambulances.
We are seeing results.