We are investing almost £6 billion in beds, equipment and technology, and this year we started preparing the NHS for winter sooner than ever before.
Back in January, we published our recovery plan for urgent and emergency care, setting clear targets to improve A&E waiting and ambulance response times and using £1 billion of dedicated funding to provide 5,000 more permanent staff beds and 800 new ambulances.
We are seeing results.
In October, average category 2 ambulance response times were more than 90 minutes faster than in the same month last year.
Delayed discharges have been coming down and we have brought forward flu and covid vaccinations, protecting the most vulnerable from illness this winter and reducing the likelihood that they will need hospital treatment.
A strong social care sector is also vital this winter and into the future.
That is why we have made up to £8 billion available over this year and next to boost adult social care across the country.
This is enabling local authorities to buy more care packages and help more patients to leave hospital on time, together with 10,000 “hospital at home” beds which mean that patients can receive their care where they are most comfortable, recovering in their own homes with support from secondary care when they need it.
Through social prescribing, thousands of people up and down the country are benefiting from activities such as reading circles, choir groups, walking and football.
We are driving reforms to the intermediate  and proactive care framework, which sets out how local systems should support adults who need support after discharge, freeing up hospital capacity for those who need it most and giving people more care as they need it—in their community, away from A&E and out of hospital.
We are rolling out technology that will give patients life-saving treatments now and in the future.
By the end of the year, every stroke network in England will have AI technology that can examine brain scans an hour faster, cutting stroke patients’ risk of suffering long-term consequences by as much as two thirds.
What is more, almost half of NHS acute trusts have won a share of £21 million to invest in AI, accelerating the analysis of X-rays and CT scans for suspected lung cancer patients.
That will save radiologists’ time, boost efficiency and cut waiting times.
For the long-term, we are investing a further £100 million to use AI to unlock treatments for diseases that are incurable today, be they novel treatments for dementia or vaccines for cancer.
Can the Minister say something about the availability of new and specialist drugs that the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence is not recommending?
Will an effort be made to make these specialist drugs, which in many instances are effectively regarded as miracle cures, available for cystic fibrosis and cancer treatments, for example?
I understand what the hon.
Gentleman is saying, and I know how strongly families and patients feel about this.
It is not for me, as a Minister, to step on the independence of NICE, which has a remit to take those decisions.
I am sure that the new Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Louth and Horncastle (Victoria Atkins) , and other Ministers in the Department will continue to listen to the concerns of families about access to those treatments.
If we want to fully embrace preventive care, we must tackle the single biggest preventable cause of ill health, disability and death, which is smoking.
Unlike drinking alcohol or eating fatty, salty or sugary foods, there is no safe level of smoking.
It causes almost one hospital admission every minute, one in four cancer deaths and 64,000 deaths a year.
Four in five smokers start by the time they are 20, so the best thing we can do is to stop young people smoking in the first place.