Lady also mentioned mental health, as did many of this afternoon’s speakers.
We have said that we will come forward with a mental health Bill if parliamentary time allows, and of course that does not mean we have not already done a very great deal in exactly that space, or will not do a great deal further.
Some £2 billion of extra funding is already going into mental healthcare compared with four years ago, with a 20% increase in staffing since 2010.
It does not stop there: we will also be bringing forward mental health hospitals and 100 specialist ambulances.
Order.
I would like to make a short statement.
I do not usually discuss urgent questions, but today I received one and rather than discuss the matter in the Chamber, I thought it would be better for me to set out my thoughts on a particular issue that involves procedures of this House.
The House will be aware that the Prime Minister has today appointed the right hon.
David Cameron as Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs.
This is not the first time in recent years that a Cabinet Minister has been appointed in the House of Lords but, given the gravity of the current international situation, it is especially important that this House is able to scrutinise the work of the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office effectively.
I have therefore commissioned advice from the Clerks about possible options for enhancing scrutiny of the work of the Foreign Secretary when that post is filled by a Member of the other House.
I also look forward to hearing the Government’s proposals on how the Foreign Secretary will be properly accountable to this House.
I do not propose to respond to points of order on this subject today, until the advice I have referred to has been received and until I have heard the Government’s own proposals, but I can assure the House that I am fully aware of the need for hon.
and right hon.
Members to be able to hold the Government to account in this area, especially at the current time, and I shall do everything I can to ensure that they are able to do so.
As colleagues will know, the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee is elected each Session.
Nominations are now open and will close at 1pm on  Wednesday 15 November .
Nomination forms are available from the Vote Office, the Table Office and the Public Bill Office.
Only Members from the party not representing Government may be candidates.
Candidates need the support of no fewer than 10 Members from the Government side of the House and no fewer than 10 Members from the party not representing the Government or from no party.
If there is more than one candidate, the ballot will take place on  Wednesday 22 November  from 11am to 1pm in the Aye Lobby.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps his Department is taking to help improve workplace support for women experiencing the menopause.
We take the challenges of the menopause very seriously, which is why the Government appointed Helen Tomlinson as the menopause employment champion for England.
In terms of progress, I point my hon.
Friend to the report, “No Time to Step Back”.
I welcome the work by campaigners and Devon’s NHS to improve access to menopause services in Devon.
Almost 80% of menopausal women are in work, yet all too often support can be lacking.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to raise menopause awareness among employers?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and for his extensive work as my constituency neighbour, pushing for proper support in all GP practices across the county.
We lead by example: 64% of the Department’s staff are female and we have a menopause and workplace policy, which sees 350 menopause ambassadors across our DWP network.