We will continue to pilot models of culturally appropriate advocacy, providing tailored support to hundreds of people from ethnic minorities to better understand their rights if they are detained under the Mental Health Act.
This comes on top of the record investment and staff numbers we are putting into mental health.
Since 2010, the mental health workforce has grown by more than 20%, and by March we will have invested over £2 billion more in mental health than four years ago, meaning that 2 million more people, including more than 300,000 children and young people, will benefit from mental health support.
One of the biggest issues raised by every school I visit in my constituency is mental health support, and I am disappointed not to see the mental health Bill in the King’s Speech.
Will it be addressed in any other way?
Where is it?
As I said a moment ago—let me remind the hon.
Lady of this—we are not waiting for legislation in order to bring forward mental health reforms.
That is why, for instance, we have already been rolling out mental health support teams in schools.
We are already ahead of schedule on that; we are giving a quarter of England’s school and college children access  to mental health support teams a year ahead of schedule.
In addition, thanks to this Government, dormitory accommodation for mental health patients will soon become a thing of the past.
It has been a pleasure to work with the new Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Cambridgeshire (Steve Barclay) , and a huge honour to work with my hon.
Friends the Members for Colchester (Will Quince) and for Harborough (Neil O'Brien) as part of a Government taking the long-term decisions to build a health and care system for the future, one with more doctors, nurses, pharmacists, physios and care workers, better mental healthcare for adults and children, more proactive care in the community, greater capacity, the newest technology and more choice, where conditions are diagnosed quicker or prevented altogether, thus helping people to live longer and healthier lives.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I congratulate the Minister on being the great survivor of the Department of Health and Social Care.
She must surely be due a carriage clock or the long service medal by now.
The only long-term decision for a brighter future seems to be that she is still in her place, although she did not offer much of a brighter future.
More positively, I see far more than one nervous face on the Government Benches—I see lots of nervous faces among those contemplating the next general election—but one is undoubtedly that of  the hon.
Member for Uxbridge and South Ruislip (Steve Tuckwell) .
I congratulate him on his election and wish him well for his maiden speech, which I can confidently say will be the best speech we hear from those on the Conservative Benches all day.
At a time when patients cannot get a doctor’s appointment, families are struggling to pay the mortgage and major conflicts are having an impact on our economy and security, the Prime Minister has spent the past five days deciding whether to sack his Home Secretary for publicly disobeying him, undermining the police and inflaming tensions on our streets.
Finally, having had the sheer poor judgment to have appointed someone to such high office when she had already been forced to resign for a serious national security leak, he has summoned up the guts to sack the worst Home Secretary in history.
Yet, as we see, the merry-go-round of the Conservative clown show continues.
After 13 years, the Conservatives have run out of names at the bottom of the barrel, so they are starting all over again.
May I offer my sympathies to the Conservative Members who did not get the call from No.
10 today?