I take the uprating process extremely seriously, and, as he will know, I look at a number of factors, including the effects on poverty.
However, as he will also understand, I am not able to comment on a parliamentary process that has not yet been concluded.
May I ask a question about auto-enrolment and pensions?
What can the Secretary of State do to build on our good record by extending and increasing the total amount that young people—I see that there are schoolchildren in the Public Gallery—who retire on defined-contribution pensions are likely to be able to save in their retirement?
There are two key points here.
Consolidation will make a massive difference, but more important is the transformation of workplace savings through auto-enrolment for young people.
The figure has risen from below 40% to well over 80%, and it will get bigger as time moves on.
For those who suffer from endometriosis, Crohn’s disease and colitis, incontinence is a daily challenge.
For the purpose of the Government’s proposed changes in the incontinence descriptor, what capability assessment has been done, and was there any consultation with those sufferers?
I hear the point that the hon.
Lady has raised.
We have, of course, had the consultation, and many views were expressed.
We will now consider those views very carefully, and come forward as appropriate in the normal way.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
May I take advantage of a rather quiet news day to ask if there is any way in which I can place on record the appreciation of right hon.
and hon.
Members for the wise advice, quiet efficiency and unfailing courtesy of Mr Peter Barratt, who recently left the service of this House after more than 30 years?
I made a statement last week to thank Mr Barratt for all his service, so it has not gone unnoticed and has certainly not been forgotten.
Debate resumed (Order,  9 November ).
Question again proposed,
That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, as follows:
Most Gracious Sovereign,
We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, in Parliament assembled, beg leave to offer our humble thanks to Your Majesty for the Gracious Speech which Your Majesty has addressed to both Houses of Parliament.
It is a pleasure to open this debate on behalf of His Majesty’s Government, and to have the opportunity to speak about the long-term decisions that the Government have been taking for a healthier future for our country, for our national health service, and for our social care system.
We are building our health and care system for today and for tomorrow.
We are increasing the capacity of the NHS and social care systems, boosting primary care and community care, investing in diagnostics and in treatments, building our NHS workforce with the long-term workforce plan and building our social care workforce with our 10-year vision, putting people at the heart of care.
We are giving people choice and control over their health and care, and investing in the facilities and technology that need to be at the forefront of care and sustainable for the long term.
We are driving reforms to prevent ill health, joining up health and care in integrated care systems and delivering a shift towards prevention and proactive care, keeping people out of hospital and enabling them to live independently in their communities.
Every day since last winter, we have been planning and preparing for the challenges that lie ahead this winter.
The first ever NHS long-term workforce plan underpins our plans for the future of the NHS.
It will double the number of medical training places, almost double the number of adult nursing places, and expand GP and allied health professional training numbers, giving the NHS the staff it needs for the future, creating new roles, building new training pathways and delivering a huge boost in diagnostic capacity.