I call the shadow Minister.
In “A Christmas Carol”, published 180 years ago, Charles Dickens wrote of a world where children lacked shelter, clothing, heating and food.
They were represented by a boy called Ignorance and a girl called Want.
Dickens died in 1870 and we live in the sixth-largest economy in the world, so why, in 2022, according to the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, did 1 million children experience the type of destitution he chronicled long ago?
We have heard the Minister quote figures and programmes, and launch attacks on previous Governments, but simply, as a human, would he not agree that just one child living in destitution is one child too many?
I completely agree with the hon.
Gentleman that one child in destitution is one too many.
One person in poverty is one too many.
One person who is unemployed and badly wants a job to support their family is one too many.
The question we have to ask is how best to go about improving those situations.
I say it is through encouraging people into work and through those cost of living transfer payments for those targeted through universal credit, which his party originally opposed, so that we can help those who are most vulnerable and most in need.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
The cost of living crisis is plunging many families into destitution.
We know from the JRF that 1.8 million households and 1 million children were plunged into destitution last year.
Will Secretary of State use the upcoming autumn statement to bring forward the mortgage interest tax relief and action to tackle soaring food prices, and to reintroduce that £400 energy bill rebate?
Otherwise, more and more children will fall into destitution.
He has the power—will he respond at the autumn statement?
The hon.
Gentleman raises mortgage payments in particular; we have extended the scope of the support for mortgage interest arrangements, particularly for those who have not long been on universal credit.
I cannot comment on what may or may not be in the autumn statement, but I can assure him that the kind of issues he has raised are always at the centre of our thinking.
If he will undertake a review of the Personal Independence Payment assessment process for people with multiple sclerosis.
The Department closely monitors all aspects of the assessment process, including how we assess fluctuating health conditions such as multiple sclerosis.
Following the publication of the recent White Paper, we are looking at ways to further enhance the delivery of personal independence payments to all disabled people.
Orkney has the highest prevalence of multiple sclerosis anywhere in the world, so we have seen the problems  caused by PIP assessments that do not cope properly with fluctuating conditions.
We now have the adult disability payment in Scotland, but that still uses some of the same eligibility criteria.
As the Minister carries out the review, will he speak to Scottish Ministers to make sure that we have a system that works for every MS sufferer, wherever they are in the United Kingdom?
It is fair to say that I have a collaborative and strong working relationship with Ministers in the Scottish Government, and I would definitely be keen to talk them about the tests and trials that we are introducing, which I hope will help to better capture fluctuating conditions and help people to provide all of the right evidence as early as possible in the claim journey, so that we get people’s awards rights and make the right decisions.
We should certainly look to work UK-wide where we can.
Learning the lessons of our changes to special rules for the terminally ill and the principles of the severe conditions criteria should allow us to look at those who sadly have degenerative conditions such as MS and motor neurone disease.