It is fair to say that I have a collaborative and strong working relationship with Ministers in the Scottish Government, and I would definitely be keen to talk them about the tests and trials that we are introducing, which I hope will help to better capture fluctuating conditions and help people to provide all of the right evidence as early as possible in the claim journey, so that we get people’s awards rights and make the right decisions.
We should certainly look to work UK-wide where we can.
Learning the lessons of our changes to special rules for the terminally ill and the principles of the severe conditions criteria should allow us to look at those who sadly have degenerative conditions such as MS and motor neurone disease.
Will the Minister confirm that, as part of the testing and piloting, the Department is looking at the potential for automatic entitlement for those with degenerative conditions, which would lift around a quarter of a million people a year out of unnecessary assessments?
My hon.
Friend has been a strong advocate for the severe disability group work that we have been taking forward.
I am pleased to be able to say that Blackpool Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust and the British Society of Physical and Rehabilitation Medicine have agreed to work in partnership with the DWP to test the SDG.
Reducing the assessment burden where it is inappropriate, and ensuring that people get the right support and help, is the right thing to do.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the hospitality sector-based work academy programme in Cities of London and Westminster constituency.
We are working with UK Hospitality and local providers up and down the country—from Liverpool to Manchester to Coventry; in London, of course; and also, to come, in Wales—to ensure that we have a hospitality work programme that provides employment training, work experience and a guaranteed job interview.
It is free for all DWP jobseekers.
It is early days, but the signs are promising.
May I first thank the Minister for Employment for joining me this morning at Ben Venuti, a brilliant café and deli in Pimlico, to celebrate hospitality in Cities of London and Westminster?
I am delighted that the hospitality SWAP pilot has been launched in my constituency, where we have thousands and thousands of hospitality jobs.
One of the businesses involved in the pilot is the Raffles London hotel, just up the road at the Old War Office, which I visited with UK Hospitality  recently.
What further steps is the Department taking to ensure that the scheme benefits minorities and those struggling the most with the cost of living crisis?
It was a tough ministerial visit to an award-winning coffee shop this morning—somehow, I missed the earlier hotel visit.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that we are driving forward that hospitality pilot to try to tackle the recruitment issues in that vital sector, which permeate all across the United Kingdom.
She will be keen to know that every person who passes gets a hospitality skills passport, which we believe can genuinely make a difference across all age groups and all sections of the community.
What assessment his Department has made of the effectiveness of work capability assessments for people with neurological conditions.
May I start by welcoming the hon.
Gentleman to his place in this House?
The work capability assessment is a functional assessment based on how a person’s condition affects them, not on the condition itself.
Work capability assessors have training across a range of health conditions, including neurological conditions, and can access a range of resources that have been quality-assured by relevant external clinicians.
My entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests has not been published yet, but I am a trustee of an epilepsy charity.