Gentleman is that no decisions have been made.
It is right and proper that the consultation responses are properly considered in the normal way.
I would be happy to meet with Parkinson’s UK again; I met it previously, and it is an important stakeholder for the Department.
We do think it is right that we look at the work capability assessment and review it periodically, not least because of the changes we have seen in homeworking and flexible working in recent years.
What steps his Department is taking to support more parents into work.
There have been transformational changes in childcare, skills, training and support for future employers, as announced at the spring Budget.
It is absolutely the case that from  April 2024, eligible working parents of two-year-olds will be able to access 15 hours of free childcare per week from the term after the second birthday, plus there will be the delivery of more support for working parents of children over the age of nine months with 30 free hours of childcare.
There is nowhere in the world that compares with our childcare offer on an ongoing basis.
We have virtually Scandinavian levels.[Official Report,  16 November 2023 , Vol.
740, c. 8MC.]
I am a huge supporter of the bold action that the Government are taking to tackle the costs of childcare and get more parents into work.
However, some settings in my constituency report that the rate the Government pay does not cover the full costs of providing that place, putting them in an untenable position.
Can my hon.
Friend work with me, alongside the Department for Education, to ensure that the scheme is fully working and that the childcare places are actually there to be able to take up this generous Government support?
I am happy to convene a summit with the Department for Education, my hon.
Friend and his unitary authority to discuss the ways in which we are ensuring that.
We are already working in partnership with the DFE to deliver this campaign, and clearly the Government are committed to ensuring that the implementation of the expansion to 30 hours is dealt with in an appropriate and seamless way.
What steps his Department is taking to expand the support available through jobcentres.
I am on a one-man mission to support my hon.
Friend, who is a doughty champion for Don Valley and getting more people into jobs in his Yorkshire constituency.
It was a pleasure to visit his constituency recently and meet the jobcentre leads in his patch, to understand what we can do to drive forward greater employment.
He will be aware of the £3.5 billion package of support across the country, some of which is being spent in Yorkshire.
I thank members of Doncaster and Thorne jobcentres for the job fairs they have done, subsequent to my meeting with the Minister at Yorkshire Wildlife Park.
Job fairs do a fantastic job.
Does the Minister agree that many people in their 50s are busying themselves at home, when they could be having a wonderful second career like me?
If he does agree with me, what can he do to help them jumpstart into a new career?
My hon.
Friend will be aware of the 50-plus champions that we have up and down the country.
The midlife MOT is being rolled out across the private sector and across jobcentres up and down the country.
Older Workers Week is coming up, and there is no doubt that there are successes up and down the country of workers beyond retirement age who are doing amazing work, whether that is the 96-year-old shop owner I met in Macclesfield, or many of the others I have met in the past few months.
These are great people whom we want to support into work on an ongoing basis.
Last week, I received a letter from the Minister for social mobility, youth and progression,  the hon.