Indeed, last week, integrated care systems were given permission to raid their dentistry budget underspends and to remove the ringfence.
That follows a pilot in Cornwall, trialling making NHS dentistry available only to children and the most vulnerable.
It is the managed decline of NHS dentistry before our eyes.
If people want to know what the future of the NHS would look like with five more years of the Conservative Government, they need only look at the ghost of Christmas past in NHS dentistry.
The Conservatives blame the previous  Labour Government, but they have been in power for 13 years.
In 2010, we stood on a manifesto committed to reforming the NHS dental contract.
They have had 13 years to do it, and they have failed again and again, leaving us in the situation that we are in today, with Dickensian stories of desperate people performing DIY dentistry and tooth decay being the most common cause of children aged six to 10 being admitted to hospital.
It did not need to be this way.
I say to the new Secretary of State and her team that she may not have a plan, but Labour does, and she is more than welcome to nick it.
We will deliver 700,000 more urgent appointments a year, recruit dentists to the areas most in need, introduce supervised toothbrushing in schools to prevent children’s teeth from rotting, and reform the NHS dental contract so that everyone who needs an NHS dentist can get one—
Is that it?
The Minister says, “Is that it?”.
It is 700,000 more NHS dentistry appointments than her Government are providing.
It is ridiculous.
The extent to which Ministers continue to parrot these ridiculous lines is embarrassing.
If they want to intervene, make my day.
I am perfectly prepared to confront any Member with their own Government’s record.
Of course, they do not want to defend the Government’s record; they have a hard enough time doing that on the doorstep.
Turning back to His Majesty’s Gracious Speech, there may not have been any Bills for the health service last week, but we did see the white flag being waved on the Prime Minister’s pledge to cut waiting lists.
Hospitals received a letter telling them to cut the number of operations and appointments they are aiming to offer this year.
At the same time, an extra funding pot was announced, so we are literally paying more and getting less.
No wonder the NHS is in such a state.
No wonder waiting lists have trebled since 2010.
No wonder hundreds of thousands more patients are waiting for treatment today than when the Prime Minister first made his pledge.
I want to make a plea for those 10,000 young people with cystic fibrosis, who have to take multiple medications and endure daily physiotherapy, blood tests, X-rays, and hospital visits—waiting on many occasions—as part of their normal routine just to stay well.
The shadow Secretary of State and the Labour Opposition have given a commitment to endeavour to do better for the NHS.
Will he do better for those 10,000 young people who have cystic fibrosis?
I am very grateful to the hon.
Member for his intervention.
I am deeply concerned about the situation facing children with cystic fibrosis in particular, given that there is radically life-extending treatment available that offers the hope to those young people not just of longer, happier, healthier lives, but of reduced admissions to hospital.
It is right that the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence makes those judgments in a rigorous way, looking at the evidence.
I hope that it will be successful in bringing down the price of those drugs by negotiating with the pharmaceutical companies to make sure that we can get affordable drugs to families who desperately need them and are  desperately anxious that the announcement they have read about means shorter lives for their children.