I am deeply concerned about the situation facing children with cystic fibrosis in particular, given that there is radically life-extending treatment available that offers the hope to those young people not just of longer, happier, healthier lives, but of reduced admissions to hospital.
It is right that the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence makes those judgments in a rigorous way, looking at the evidence.
I hope that it will be successful in bringing down the price of those drugs by negotiating with the pharmaceutical companies to make sure that we can get affordable drugs to families who desperately need them and are  desperately anxious that the announcement they have read about means shorter lives for their children.
No family should go through that agony, and I hope that a resolution can be found.
The Government and the previous Health Secretary got into the habit of stealing Labour’s policies—I say that not as a complaint, but as an invitation.
It is clear that the Government do not have a plan to cut NHS waiting lists, but we do: £1.1 billion will be paid straight into the pockets of hard-pressed NHS staff to deliver 2 million more appointments a year at evenings and weekends, paid for by abolishing the non-dom tax status, because patients need treatment more than the wealthiest need a tax break—[Interruption.]
Conservative Members groan when we mention charging non-doms their fair share, they groan when we talk about closing private equity loopholes and they groan when we talk about taxing private schools fairly.
They did not groan when taxes went up on working people.
They did not groan when benefits were cut for the poorest people.
We know who the Conservatives are in it for.
They are in it for the few; we champion the interests of the many.
That is the Labour difference.
We believe strongly that people who live or work in Britain should pay their taxes here too.
There is still time for the new Secretary of State to lobby the Chancellor ahead of the autumn statement.
This genuinely is an oven-ready plan, unlike some of the plans we have heard from the Conservatives, and I encourage the new Secretary of State to nick it.
After 13 years, we have an NHS that gets to people too late.
We have a hospital-based system geared towards late-stage diagnosis and treatment, which delivers poorer outcomes at greater cost.
We have an analogue system in a digital age.
We have a sickness service, not a health service, with too many lives hampered by preventable illness and too many lives lost to the biggest killers.
It could not be clearer: the longer we give the Conservatives in power, the longer patients will wait.
This was an empty King’s Speech from a Government who have run out of road, run out of steam and run out of ideas; a Conservative party too busy tearing itself apart to govern the country; a Prime Minister who cannot decide whether it is time for a change or to go back to year zero.
The future of the NHS after another five years of the Tories is emerging before our eyes: a two-tier health service, where those who can afford it go private, and those who cannot are left waiting behind—our NHS reduced to a poor service for poor people; our country viewed as the sick man of Europe.
It does not have to be that way.
The Prime Minister was right when he said,
“It’s time for a change”,
but only Labour can deliver it.