Gentleman’s question.
The reality of the situation is that April saw the biggest ever rise in the state pension, by 10.1%, thanks to the triple lock.
Every pensioner is entitled to a winter fuel payment and will receive a cost of living payment this winter.
The poorest pensioners will receive a £900 further cost of living payment.
I thank the Minister for his answer, but many older people in my Falkirk constituency are living below or on the poverty line.
Furthermore, 2 million older people in the UK live below the poverty line, with many more hovering precariously above it.
Research by Independent Age has shown that older people are significantly struggling and urgently need additional cost of living support to help them through the coming winter.
By expanding the eligibility criteria for the existing cost of living payments to people on housing benefits and those who receive a council tax reduction, we could help to support this group of older people who desperately need it.
Will the Minister commit to that?
With no disrespect to the hon.
Gentleman, we have committed to that, which is why there is the £900 further cost of living payment, a doubling of the winter fuel payment and the highest state pension we have ever had.
This Government are passionately supporting our pensioners and our most vulnerable on an ongoing basis.
I call the shadow Minister.
New figures on pension credit update have shed light on the catastrophic failure to get money to the people who desperately need it.
Up to 880,000 pensioners are now missing out.
Thousands of households would be so much better off and able to keep the heating on and food on the table this winter.
Underpinning the figures is a huge drop in uptake among the under-75s, with a fall of up to 20%.
With so many new pensioners  seemingly unaware of their entitlement to pension credit, will the Government stop burying their head in the sand and get a grip now?
It is good to welcome the hon.
Lady to the Dispatch Box; I have not previously had the chance to answer her questions.
We have undertaken TV campaigns, internet campaigns and campaigns on the radio, in print and on social media—the great Len Goodman assisted us in that regard before his passing—so there is fantastic support across all aspects.
The hon.
Lady should be aware that pension credit applications were up 75% in the year to May, and we have never had so many people as we are now seeking to encourage to apply.
Absolutely, the Government are fully behind the pension credit campaign.
Whether he has made an assessment of the potential impact of proposed reforms to work capability assessments on the (a) financial and (b) mental wellbeing of people with Parkinson’s disease.
The Department has developed estimates of the number of claimants impacted by options considered in the work capability assessment consultation.
Estimates are not based on specific conditions, because the work capability assessment is based on how a person’s condition affects them, not the condition itself.
The proposed changes to the work capability assessment could actually see half a million people forced to look for work they are not cut out for and then at risk of sanctions.
The proposed changes on continence, mobility and social engagement are putting thousands of Parkinson’s sufferers at risk of being denied the benefits they need, causing needless stress and financial pressures.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and Parkinson’s UK to discuss the impacts on those suffering from Parkinson’s?
Hopefully the Government will then change their mind on these cruel proposals.
What I can say to the hon.
Gentleman is that no decisions have been made.
It is right and proper that the consultation responses are properly considered in the normal way.
I would be happy to meet with Parkinson’s UK again; I met it previously, and it is an important stakeholder for the Department.