That is the record of the Secretary of State’s seven predecessors: failure, upon failure, upon failure, upon failure, upon failure, upon failure, upon failure.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about that list of failures—it is shocking.
I would like to add to the list that over 2,000 autistic people or people with learning disabilities are detained in inappropriate units, when this Government promised over 10 years ago to close them all down.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her intervention.
As I make progress through my speech I will come back to the breath-taking complacency about mental health we heard from the Minister a moment ago.
Given the scale of the crisis and given that the Prime Minister has made fixing waiting lists one his five priorities, hon.
Members might have expected something in the King’s Speech to deal with it.
Instead, we got nothing on the NHS as it heads into its most challenging winter yet and we got nothing on social care, just kicking the can down the road and delaying reforms until after the election.
There was nothing on dentistry, despite even Conservative Back Benchers crying out for a rescue plan, and nothing on mental health, despite the Conservative party committing to reform, not just in its last manifesto but in its last two manifestos.
It was the longest King’s Speech in almost a decade, with the fewest Bills.
Does that not just sum up the modern Conservative party?
Plenty of slogans, but no solutions.
What we got was a Bill that will not come into effect until after the general election and a sack-the-nurses Bill.
On the tobacco and vapes Bill, the question is not whether Labour will support it, but whether the Conservative party will support it.
Government Members will remember that I first proposed that smoking ban back in January.
I say they will remember, because they made their feelings known in newspapers at the time.
They called it “nanny state” and
“an attack on ordinary people and their culture”.
They accused me of “health fascism”.
Well, they can now make their considered and nuanced views known to the new Secretary of State—I am sure she is looking forward to receiving them.
It just demonstrates that where Labour leads, the Government follow.
The Prime Minister may be too weak to whip his Back Benchers to vote that crucial measure through, but on the Opposition Benches we will put country first and party second.
Labour MPs will go through the voting Lobby and make sure that the legislation is passed, so that young people today are even less likely to smoke than they are to vote Conservative.
I am afraid to disappoint the Government, but we will not be supporting the other Bill in the King’s Speech that relates to health.
Most people look at the crisis in the NHS and think it needs more doctors and nurses.
The Conservative party looks at the health service and concludes that we need to sack more doctors and nurses.
The Government are saying that public servants should be sacked for failing to provide minimum standards on strike days, but the Government have not met the four-hour A&E standard since 2015; they have not met the standard for treatment within 18 weeks since 2016; and they were doing so badly on meeting cancer waiting time standards that they have simply got rid of the standards altogether.
If the Conservatives are proposing to sack doctors and nurses for failing to provide minimum service levels, can we now sack Ministers for failing to meet minimum standards on non-strike days?
The new Health and Social Care Secretary has an opportunity to break with the past year.
Strikes are crippling the NHS and they are putting patients in harm’s way.
Her predecessor may have thought that they were a useful excuse for his failure, but they were, and are, a misery for patients and staff alike.