Unlike drinking alcohol or eating fatty, salty or sugary foods, there is no safe level of smoking.
It causes almost one hospital admission every minute, one in four cancer deaths and 64,000 deaths a year.
Four in five smokers start by the time they are 20, so the best thing we can do is to stop young people smoking in the first place.
That is why this Government will automatically raise the smoking age by one year every year, so anyone who is 14 or younger today will never be able to buy tobacco legally.
Increasing the smoking age works.
When it rose to 18, smoking rates dropped by almost a third in that age group.
Restricting choice is never easy, but this time it is the right thing to do.
Existing smokers will not be affected, but the next generation will be smoke-free, saving thousands of lives, reducing pressure on the NHS and building a brighter future for our children.
I hear what the Minister says about the Government’s commitment to this policy, but can she explain why the Government are allowing a free vote rather than whipping Back Benchers to vote for Government policy?
I am not going to stand here and explain whipping policy, which is not my job as a Health Minister, but I am delighted to see the potential of this legislation.
As with so many other worthwhile Government policies, such as increasing funding for the national health service, I would be delighted to see the right hon.
Gentleman and other Opposition Members support this policy.
We are also cracking down on the alarming rise in vaping among children.
There is no doubt that vaping is safer than smoking and is a terrific tool to help adult smokers quit, but, like Members across the House, I am concerned that one in five children has tried vaping, which can be hugely damaging to their health.
The whole House knows that no child should be using nicotine.
The rise in youth vaping is no coincidence.
Disposable vapes are consistently marketed at children and are available at pocket-money prices, with many retailers ignoring their duty not to sell them to young people.
With more than 5 million being thrown away every week, disposable vapes are also damaging our planet.
We are acting now to protect our children and our planet.
We are looking at banning child-friendly flavours, restricting colourful packaging and mandating that vapes are displayed only behind the counter.
We are also exploring a ban or a restriction on disposable vape sales and empowering local authorities to dish out on-the-spot fines for selling vapes to children.
All these proposals are being developed with parents and teachers across the UK, and they will strike a balance between giving adult smokers a choice to switch to vaping and preventing our children from taking it up.
I recognise the disappointment that the mental health Bill was not included in the King’s Speech, but I can assure hon.
Members that this Government are committed to achieving genuine parity between mental health and physical health, improving the care of those detained under the Mental Health Act 1983 and bringing forward the Bill when parliamentary time allows.
We are not going to wait for legislation to make change.
We will continue to pilot models of culturally appropriate advocacy, providing tailored support to hundreds of people from ethnic minorities to better understand their rights if they are detained under the Mental Health Act.
This comes on top of the record investment and staff numbers we are putting into mental health.
Since 2010, the mental health workforce has grown by more than 20%, and by March we will have invested over £2 billion more in mental health than four years ago, meaning that 2 million more people, including more than 300,000 children and young people, will benefit from mental health support.