I can report to the House that she is recovering well in hospital.
Residents in Newhaven, Seaford and nearby Sussex coastal towns have been warning about how unsafe these roads are.
Indeed, the county council submitted a fully costed plan for safety improvements on the A259 to the Government, but funding remains blocked.
So I am appealing to the Prime Minister directly: will he personally intervene to unblock the funding needed to make the A259 and surrounding roads safer, to ensure that there is never a repeat of such an incident?
I am very sorry to hear of the incident that the hon.
Member cites.
My sympathies are with the family, and I think I would send the best wishes of the whole House to the family and to that little girl.
He speaks about the A259, and I do hear a lot about this road because it runs through the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brighton Kemptown  and Peacehaven (Chris Ward) .
I know that it needs addressing, and I know how strongly they have both been in raising this and campaigning on it.
A decision will be set our shortly.
I think the hon.
Member has met the Roads Minister, but I will make sure he is kept fully updated on developments.
I am proud to represent thousands of people working in the defence sector—ordinary people doing extraordinary jobs to keep our country safe—and I was delighted that the Defence Secretary recently joined me in my constituency to mark this Government’s £15 billion investment in the Atomic Weapons Establishment.
Does the Prime Minister agree with me that our commitment to defence sector investment is vital not just for our national security, but for jobs, opportunity and growth in constituencies such as Reading West and Mid Berkshire?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, who is a fantastic advocate for her constituents.
She is right to highlight the important work by the defence sector in her constituency and, of course, right across the United Kingdom.
We are investing £15 billion in our sovereign nuclear warhead programme.
That will support nearly 10,000 jobs, including many in her constituency.
That is the defence dividend in action—an historic boost to defence spending—represented and reflected in good, well-paid jobs across the United Kingdom.
Given that the Government appear to be in listening mode, will the Prime Minister agree to scrap other measures that are pushing more people into poverty, such as the cruel two-child benefit cap, and the harsh and totally unacceptable cuts to universal credit for ill and disabled people that remain in yesterday’s dog’s breakfast of a Bill?
I do not want to be ungenerous, but I do not think I am going to be listening to the hon.
Member or his party.
They were the ones who put an £80 billion unfunded tax commitment before the electorate at the last election.
They are the ones who talk about change and clean power, but every single time there is an infrastructure project or there is any change that is needed, they block it, including in their own constituencies.
While we all revere the football stars of the past, many are struggling with welfare issues, including organised financial fraud and head injuries linked to the onset of dementia.
May I give the Prime Minister this letter on player welfare from 303 former players, which local champions such as John Stiles and international superstars, including Kevin Keegan and Graeme Souness, have signed?
Will he agree to meet a group of former players, as cited in the recent letter to him from one of his heroes, Michael Thomas, who of course shone when he played for Arsenal and Liverpool?
May I just start by congratulating Dawn Astle on her recent and richly deserved MBE for her work on behalf of former players?