The answer is yes, we will look at the content of the Bill.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising it.
Across the House, we all have tragic experiences of suicide.
Our thoughts are with Gabe’s family and friends.
We will conduct a call for evidence on part K of the building regulations about minimum guarding heights so that the necessary protections are in place to prevent future tragedies, and we will also look at the contents of the Bill.
People across the Staffordshire Moorlands are extremely concerned by the number of applications granted for solar farms and battery storage facilities.
Will the Prime Minister give them some reassurance that he will change the law and that we will see good agricultural land saved for producing food, as it rightly should be?
It is right that we do both, and that we do support agriculture.
The right hon.
Lady says that people across the country are concerned about solar, but they are also concerned about their bills   coming down, after they went up under the previous Government.
The only way to get them down is on renewables, and that is what we are doing.
For the final question, I call Jessica Morden.
This morning in Westminster Hall, Centenary Action presented sashes handmade by a team of wonderful women working out of ReMake Newport to every one of our 264 women MPs to mark today’s 97th anniversary of the Representation of the People (Equal Franchise) Act 1928.
Will the Prime Minister join me in welcoming this initiative, which celebrates the contribution women make in public life?
Although we now have a record number of women MPs, does he agree that we must continue to break down barriers for women on our way to achieving the mission of a gender-equal Parliament?
I thank the women in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, through her, for their hard work on this initiative.
Having 264 women MPs is really significant progress in this House.
I am incredibly proud that at the last election 100 new female Labour MPs were elected, meaning that the number of female MPs in the Labour party is now at a record high.
On the 97th anniversary of the equal franchise Act, it should be a source of great pride to the House that we have a record number of female Members.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the ratification of the UK-Mauritius treaty on the future sovereignty of the British Indian Ocean Territory.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her question.
On  22 May , the Diego Garcia treaty was signed and laid before the House.
As the Defence Secretary told the House on the day of the signature, this treaty secures the strategically important UK-US military base on the island of Diego Garcia.
The Diego Garcia military base is essential to the security of the UK and our key allies, including the United States, and is essential to keeping the British people safe.
It is also one of our most significant contributions to the transatlantic defence and security partnership.
The base enables rapid deployment of operations and forces across the middle east, east Africa and south Asia, helping combat some of the most challenging threats, including from terrorism and hostile states, and it has a unique strategic location.
The treaty ensures that the UK retains complete operational control of Diego Garcia well into the next century.
It has robust security measures that prevent threats from the outer islands of the archipelago, including: a 24 nautical mile buffer zone where nothing can be built or placed without UK consent; a rigorous process to prevent activities on the wider islands; a strict ban on foreign security forces on the outer islands, whether civilian or military; and a binding obligation to ensure the base is never undermined.