However, the Government are now planning to table a watered-down version that does not deserve to be named a “Hillsborough law”.
After PMQs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Liverpool West Derby (Ian Byrne)  will seek to introduce the real Hillsborough law.
Can the Prime Minister finally honour his promise and back the law in full?
If not, why not?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this, and remember well the visit we had.
This is a really serious issue, and it is important that we get it right.
I am fully committed to introducing a Hillsborough law, including a legal duty of candour for public servants and criminal sanctions for those who refuse to comply.
It is important that we get it right.
I have been personally engaging with some of the families on this, because, as I say, I have seen at first hand what they have been through for over 10 years.
I first met them when I was Director of Public Prosecutions and there was consideration of the order in which certain things would happen.
That was actually about a different issue—it was about an issue of great concern to them—but my hon.
Friend is right to raise this.
We will bring this forward.
I just want to take the time to get it right and then put it before the House.
In his victory speech last year, the Prime Minister promised to “end the chaos”.
Does he think that the public still believe him?
We have delivered more in the first year of a Labour Government than the SNP has delivered in 20 years.
Let me give the right hon.
Gentleman one example.
We said that we would deliver 2 million extra appointments for the NHS in England, and we have delivered 4 million.
What a contrast with the SNP Government.
They have been in charge for about 20 years, and Scotland’s doctors have said in the past week that the Scottish NHS is
“dying before our very eyes”.
The SNP should be ashamed.
Its own Public Health Minister admits that the SNP’s failure is “costing lives”.
Scotland needs a new direction so that we can bring waiting lists down in Scotland, just as we have done in England.
Hemel Hempstead is a new town that was built by a Labour Government after the second world war and provided decent housing to families like mine, yet 80 years on, the No.
1 issue in my case work is a shortage of housing.
I therefore welcome this Government’s commitment to build thousands of new homes.
In my constituency, we are looking at a Hemel Garden Communities scheme that could provide 11,000 new homes.
Does the Prime Minister agree that this development needs to be a mix of genuinely affordable houses to buy and council houses to rent, and that it must be accompanied by the right health, education and road infrastructure?
I totally agree with my hon.
Friend.
Projects such as this are essential to building the 1.5 million homes we need, while at the same time creating vibrant and strong communities.
In keeping with the Attlee legacy, we are supporting 47 locally-led garden communities to deliver tens of thousands more homes, and of course delivering the biggest boost to social and affordable housing in a generation.
On  Monday afternoon, a four-year-old girl was seriously injured after being hit by a car on Lewes Road, just off the A259 in Newhaven in my constituency.
I can report to the House that she is recovering well in hospital.
Residents in Newhaven, Seaford and nearby Sussex coastal towns have been warning about how unsafe these roads are.
Indeed, the county council submitted a fully costed plan for safety improvements on the A259 to the Government, but funding remains blocked.