I take every opportunity to promote investment into Northern Ireland, and our tech companies in particular.
I recently spoke at the Big Data conference in New York and at London Tech Week to highlight our cutting-edge companies in Northern Ireland.
I held a roundtable with tech business leaders and visited Catagen in Belfast just last week to talk about the industrial strategy and the ways that we can boost investment and growth.
I wonder if the Minister might outline the many good reasons for technology companies to invest in Northern Ireland and tell us what she has done to promote that great opportunity?
I welcome the opportunity to promote Northern Ireland’s tech companies here in the Chamber today.
More than 1,500 international companies have set up operations in Northern Ireland.
They tell me that this is due to the Government support, the strong working between the Government and the Executive, the dual market access, the unique concentration of tech companies, the academic support from Ulster University and Queen’s University and, above all, the people.
Northern Ireland has a workforce with industry-ready skills and innovation in their DNA.
Does the Minister agree that the strength of Northern Ireland’s tech sector means that it can play a huge part in becoming an AI superpower, supported by this Government?
However, as we have heard in the Northern Ireland Committee, chaired by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Gower (Tonia Antoniazzi) , there is a huge link between online safety and the rates of domestic abuse that we are seeing in Northern Ireland.
Can the Minister comment on how we can support and develop the sector while keeping women and girls safe?
We know that violence against women and girls is an epidemic, and online safety is an important part of that.
Coupled with Northern Ireland being an AI superpower, as my hon.
Friend rightly says, there are opportunities for AI companies, many of which I have met, to work on the tech to ensure that perpetrators are caught, that justice is done and that we ensure that online safety is taken extremely seriously.
The work that will be done in the industrial strategy to promote AI work—with the new AI growth zones, for example—can ensure that we lock that in.
Tech businesses are huge in my central London constituency, and I recognise that for the UK to do well, we need London to continue thriving and for Northern Ireland and the rest of the country to succeed, too.
Can the Minister assure me that the full benefits of the new industrial strategy will support companies in Northern Ireland and that this Government are generating business opportunities in every corner of the United Kingdom?
The industrial strategy is good news for Northern Ireland.
It is a bold long-term plan to give businesses and investors the certainty they need to thrive.
The eight sectors of the strategy map well with Northern Ireland’s world-class strengths, including advanced manufacturing, cyber, defence, the creative industries, life sciences and financial services.
For each of those, there is increased UK-wide funding opportunities and, in Northern Ireland, specific funds on cyber-security, advanced manufacturing and the £30 million of that all-important R&D investment for innovation.
I thank the Minister for her responses so far.
Northern Ireland is indeed open for business, and I am delighted that companies are investing in my hometown.
Does she agree that the Dublin to Belfast economic corridor, which includes my constituency of Lagan Valley, will play a key part and that it is a huge opportunity for investment?
Belfast is already at the heart of the UK’s industrial strategy on cyber and tech and is leading the world.
The Government have a bold vision to be, by 2035, one of the top three places in the world to invest, create and scale up a tech business.
Belfast and the growth and city deals, which are at the heart of that, is an important part.