We do not have to provide notification in advance.
The treaty refers to “expeditiously” informing after the event, and that is absolutely the normal course of business.
I am clear that the operations and the operational autonomy of this base are secure under this deal.
It is amazing that we are to give up an important security base without it being necessary to do so, that we are to pay billions to a Government that will allow them to make tax cuts while we impose tax burdens on our own country, and that the Minister stands here today at the Dispatch Box and says that he does not have time to  explain why it is necessary to do so.
Surely the way to ensure that we have proper scrutiny of this deal is to have a proper debate, or is he afraid that his own Back Benchers, once they hear the real story, will find it as difficult to walk through the Lobby for it as they did for the welfare reform Bill yesterday?
I have respect for the right hon.
Gentleman, but I totally reject his assertion.
There is full support for this deal—and, indeed, full support for it from our allies in the United States and the Five Eyes partners.
On the point about alleged tax cuts, at no point in his Budget speech did Prime Minister Ramgoolam say that he was planning to fund income tax reform with the money from this deal.
That was very, very clear.
Indeed, the rationale for this deal, which I have explained multiple times to the House, is that our national security was at risk and the operations of that base could not function as they once did.
That is why the Opposition started the negotiations and why we have concluded them.
After yesterday’s complete chaos, my constituents are bracing themselves for big tax increases in the autumn.
How does the Minister think they feel when they see the Mauritian Government crowing about virtually abolishing income tax in Mauritius thanks to the largesse that he is about to pour on them?
I am genuinely surprised by the comments of the right hon.
Gentleman.
As a former Defence Minister and someone who has served, he will know the importance of this base and the need to secure it, and he will know the risks to our operations that were inherent under the previous Government.
That is why his Government started this process and why we have concluded it.
It is also why our costs under the deal are broadly comparable with what France pays for its base in Djibouti, even though our base 15 times larger and has immeasurably more capability, as he well knows.
In the Minister’s response, he quoted the answer from the Defence Secretary to my question, saying that he had no choice.
But the reason for doing this deal is the worry about being taken to court—so the Government do have a choice, and that is what my constituents and Opposition Members are so upset about.
The Government could have a fight in the court and appeal the decision, yet they have chosen not to, and they will not explain why.
Will the Minister set out what the need was for immediacy and why he and his Government will not go to the court for the tribunal he is so worried about to have that fight?
If the case were shut down, Opposition Members would understand, and if it was found that we had a legal responsibility to pay, we would do so, but we do not, and we have not had our day in court as a country.
That is the travesty of the deal.
I have to correct the hon.
Member as we have had days in court on this issue.
That is one of the reasons—[Interruption.]
There was the non-binding judgment in the International Court of Justice.