Belfast is already at the heart of the UK’s industrial strategy on cyber and tech and is leading the world.
The Government have a bold vision to be, by 2035, one of the top three places in the world to invest, create and scale up a tech business.
Belfast and the growth and city deals, which are at the heart of that, is an important part.
I have met businesses across Belfast and Northern Ireland that are leading on this, and it is exciting to see.
Does the Minister accept, though, that poor road access from the north of the United Kingdom is one impediment to investment in Northern Ireland, and therefore another reason why we should see the A75 upgrading?
The Secretary of State has already answered the question on the roads.
It is important that we look at and address all parts of the infrastructure that are holding Northern Ireland back in any way.
Tech businesses in Northern Ireland could take advantage of a Heathrow logistics hub.
Ballykelly in my constituency has a large available land base, a seaport close by, an airport next door to it, and a railway line that runs through it.
Does the Minister think that is an excellent location for such a hub and tech business?
The hon.
Member is an excellent representative for his constituency and the opportunities there.
I am sure his plea and bid has been heard.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
As Chair of the Select Committee and the ITV all-party parliamentary group, last night we hosted an event in Parliament with ITV and UTV there.
What conversations is the Minister having with public sector broadcasters like ITV about future investment in Northern Ireland?
Many different types of business—not only public sector broadcasters, but tech companies, fintech, cyber-security and advanced manufacturing, such as Catagen, which I met last week—are all part of the strong ecosystem in Northern Ireland.
The fact that broadcasters can talk to advanced manufacturers which can talk to others makes Northern Ireland such a fantastic place to invest in, and I am glad that that is being highlighted in the House of Commons today.
Britain leads the world in the gene editing of crops.
This technology enables our farmers to produce disease and drought-resistant crops, reduce costs and increase food production.
The UK-EU trade agreement means Britain has to follow EU rules on sanitary and phytosanitary laws.
Will the Minister give the House an assurance that the agreement will not slow that technology in Britain?
That is why the Secretary of State has been extolling and making clear how important the SPS agreement is.
We are not taking our foot off the pedal in any way towards that.
It is not only agri-science, but life sciences that are leading the way for Northern  Ireland and the UK and across the world.
We want to ensure that we continue to support them in every way we can.
What discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on the adequacy of the level of funding for Northern Ireland in the spending review 2025.
What discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on the adequacy of the level of funding for Northern Ireland in the spending review 2025.
What discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on the adequacy of the level of funding for Northern Ireland in the spending review 2025.
I regularly meet the Northern Ireland Finance Minister to discuss funding.
The Government will provide Northern Ireland with a record settlement of £19.3 billion per year on average—the largest in the history of devolution—and the Executive will also continue to receive over 24% more per person, in line with their independently assessed level of need.