I know how much she cares about this issue.
The ban on zombie knives and machetes came into effect last year, and the ban on ninja swords will come into effect this August.
The Crime and Policing Bill will increase penalties for illegal sales and will give the police new powers to seize knives.
What did the Conservatives do when we put that Bill before the House to take those measures?
They voted against it.
Knife crime soared on their watch, and they have clearly learnt absolutely nothing.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
Yesterday, the Government were asking the House to vote for a law that would mean that someone with a condition such as Parkinson’s or multiple sclerosis would qualify for a personal independence payment today, but someone diagnosed with the same condition, with the very same symptoms, in a few months’ time would not.
We all know that the cost of welfare needs to come down, but that was not a fair way to do it.
Until he lost control yesterday, the Prime Minister was arguing for that approach.
Has he changed his mind on this, or not?
The Stephen Timms review—a very important review—will look into this issue, but what we did do last night was end mandatory reassessments for those with severe disabilities.
I thought that the right hon.
Gentleman and his party cared about things like that.
It is the right thing to do, and they voted against it.
We have rebalanced universal credit, which is long overdue.
I think he believes that, but what did he do last night?
He voted against it.
We set out a pathway to  reform personal independence payment, which is something he argues for every week, and what did he do when he had the chance?
He voted against it.
The House and Labour Back Benchers will note that the Prime Minister did not answer my question.
Moreover, if he looked at our proposals for welfare reform to cut down the bill, he would not be in the mess that he is in.
Moving on, from Hillsborough to Grenfell, from Primodos to Horizon, and from the contaminated blood scandal to nuclear test veterans, the bereaved and survivors of some of our country’s most appalling scandals have come together to call for a legal duty of candour, and for the secondary duty needed to make it practical and effective for investigations and inquiries.
They are now frightened that the Government are watering down these proposals to such an extent that they would be toothless.
After months of delay, can the Prime Minister reassure campaigners that his Hillsborough law will include a real legal duty of candour, as he promised?
Yes, it will.
As the right hon.
Gentleman may know, I have known some of the Hillsborough families for many years—I met them over a decade ago—and know exactly what they have been through.
Various other groups have suffered similar injustices with similar follow-up, which is an additional injustice on top of the original injustice.
That is why we will bring forward a Hillsborough law—it is a commitment I have made.
I have been talking to the families myself in recent weeks to make sure that we get this right.
It is important that we get it right, but it will have a legal duty of candour.
I have a follow-on question.
The Prime Minister visited my constituency in 2022 and told families that
“one of my first acts will be to put the Hillsborough law on the statute book.”
He repeated the same promise at conference last year, saying that the Bill would be published on the anniversary in April.
That did not happen.
However, the Government are now planning to table a watered-down version that does not deserve to be named a “Hillsborough law”.
After PMQs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Liverpool West Derby (Ian Byrne)  will seek to introduce the real Hillsborough law.