It is receiving scrutiny right now.
It has been receiving scrutiny in the Foreign Affairs Committee, it has received scrutiny in the other place, and it has received scrutiny through parliamentary questions.
It is receiving scrutiny and it is absolutely right that it does.
The Minister has just set out the scrutiny that this matter has received in various places, but I was really taken by the number of questions that he said he had received from the shadow Foreign Secretary on this subject.
Can he tell me how many questions he has received on other matters of global importance?
My hon.
Friend asks an important question.
Since the treaty was laid, I have had 50 written questions from the right hon.
Lady.
In comparison, I have had four on Gibraltar, two on Ukraine, and one on Poland.
He is right that this matter has received scrutiny.
I am not being funny, but it is amazing that the Minister had those figures to hand.
The hon.
Gentleman, for whom I have a huge amount of respect, keeps saying that the Government had no choice but to do this deal.
I do not believe that to be true.
My successor, Lord Cameron, did not believe that to be true either, which is why neither he nor I signed off an agreement.
Will the Minister please explain to the House in detail why he believed that he had no choice, including what body, at what time, and with what jurisdiction?
In the interests of time, I refer the right hon.
Member to the detailed evidence that I gave in the House of Lords on this matter the other day, including on the legal circumstances.
He knows the risk  to the operation of the base in the medium and short term, and he recognises the risk of a binding legal judgment, which we believed to be inevitable.
His Government knew that, which is why they started the process.
He may not have been able to conclude the deal—I accept that, Mr. Speaker—but the previous Government went through 11 rounds of negotiations because they recognised the importance of doing this deal.
They knew that securing the facility was crucial to our national security.
We put our national security and securing this base first, and that has met with the approval of the United States and other Five Eyes allies.
I have to admit that I am rather confused, because I am sure that the shadow Foreign Secretary was in the Cabinet when the decision was made to start these negotiations.
Too often, we focus on the military aspects of this deal, but can the Minister confirm that it will also end a dangerous, irregular migration route into the UK?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
This Government took early action—even before the conclusion of the deal—to ensure that that route was closed down by the memorandum of understanding that we reached with St Helena, for which I again thank St Helena.
Again, Mr. Speaker, I was rightly scrutinised by this House on that.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right on that point, and that is why we have done this deal.
Can the Minister tell the House why he thinks China supports this deal?
I have been very clear on this: the United States, our Five Eyes partners and India support this deal.
Mauritius was one of the few countries not to join the belt and road initiative.
It is very clear that the deal is in the interests of our security and that of our allies—otherwise, the United States would not have agreed to it in the first place.
Clearly, language such as “surrender” is inflammatory and inappropriate.
Conservative Members of this House wax lyrical and make a song and dance about national security.
Will my hon.