That is a disgrace.
They voted for a system where we have 3 million people out of work on ill health.
They voted for that system; we are fixing it.
We are clearing up the mess that they left, just like we are clearing up the NHS and the economy.
The Prime Minister has got some brass neck.
Has he read the papers this morning?
That Bill will achieve nothing.
It is a pointless waste of time, and it is absolute proof that he does not have a plan.
Let me tell the House what is going to happen: in November, the Chancellor is going to put up our taxes to pay for the Prime Minister’s incompetence.
We on the Opposition Benches know that you cannot tax your way to growth—[Interruption.]
These are the same Members who cheered when they talked about the national insurance rise—the jobs tax; why are they complaining now?
People out there are frightened.
Can the Prime Minister reassure them by ruling out tax rises in the autumn Budget?
The right hon.
Lady knows that no Prime Minister or Chancellor ever stands at the Dispatch Box and writes future Budgets.
That is not what the Conservatives did and it is not what we are doing, and she knows it.
She talks about growth, but for 14 years we had stagnation, and that is what caused the problems.
I am really pleased to show the progress that we are making, and I can update the House.
Last week, Amazon put £40 billion of investment into this country—one of the biggest investments of its type.
That brought inward investment to £120 billion in the first year of this Labour Government.
I can also tell the House that business confidence is the highest for nine years.
That is longer than the whole time that the Leader of the Opposition has been in Parliament.
Figures this week have also demonstrated and shown that we had the fastest growth in the G7 in the first quarter of this year.
What a difference from the mess the Conservatives made.
That is the difference that a Labour Government make.
The Prime Minister talks about jobs.
Unemployment has risen every month since Labour took office.
Has he spoken to Nissan, by the way, and looked at what is happening there?
This man has forgotten  that his welfare Bill was there to plug a black hole created by the Chancellor.
Instead, they are creating new ones. [
Interruption.]
The Chancellor is pointing at me, but she looks absolutely miserable. [
Interruption.]
They can point as much as they like, but the fact is that Labour MPs are going on the record saying that the Chancellor is toast.
The reality is that she is a human shield for the Prime Minister’s incompetence.
In January, he said that she would be in post until the next election.
Will she really?
Well, the right hon.
Lady certainly won’t.
I have to say that I am always cheered up when she asks me questions or responds to a statement, because she always makes a complete mess of it and shows just how unserious and irrelevant the Conservatives are.
The right hon.
Lady talks about the black hole, but they left a £22 billion black hole in our economy, and we are clearing it up.
I am really proud that in the first year of a Labour Government, we have got free school meals, breakfast clubs, childcare, and £15 billion invested in transport in the north and the midlands.
With planning regulation, planning and infrastructure is pounding forward.
We are building 1.5 million homes and have the biggest investment in social and affordable housing.
We also have the three trade deals—remember, those are the ones that the Conservatives could not get—including the US trade deal.
On Monday, those tariffs came down.
That secured the jobs at Jaguar Land Rover.
That is who we care about on the Government Benches.