Will the Secretary of State please tell the House how much do the Government expect the inquiry to cost?
The Finucane inquiry is beginning its work.
It will publish, as is normal, statements of the expenditure that it engages in.
It depends how long the inquiry lasts and how much evidence is taken, but the hon.
Gentleman can rest assured that he will receive an answer in due course, as that process unfolds.
The Government have just had a spending review, so they must know how much they intend to spend.
There will be a line in the Treasury accounts set aside for the Finucane inquiry.
I do not understand why the Secretary of State finds it so hard to tell the House how much we expect to spend.
Similarly, the Government must know how much compensation they expect to pay Gerry Adams, following their inexplicable decision to drop the appeal that we lodged in that case.
We have repeatedly pressed the Government to legislate to prevent that compensation from being paid and the Government have dragged their heels.
This morning, Policy Exchange has published an excellent new report, “Legislating about Gerry Adams  and Carltona”, which sets out a clear legal solution.
The Government have nowhere further to hide, so will they finally do the right thing?
The hon.
Gentleman needs to keep up.
I answered a parliamentary question yesterday in which I made it clear that we will deal with this issue, which arises because of the application of the Carltona principle in the Supreme Court judgment of 2020, which the last Government could not sort out in two and a half years.
We will deal with it in our forthcoming legislation, and I will keep the House updated.
I commend the Secretary of State for at least answering a question yesterday.
Despite it being a day when the Labour Government were prepared to take money out of the pockets of the most vulnerable, they at least had the courage to stand forward and say that Gerry Adams would get none, so I thank the Secretary of State for that.
I also advise him not to ignore the warnings of the Federation of Small Businesses, which in its report was explicit that the Windsor framework is fracturing the United Kingdom’s internal market.
That is a cause for concern.
When we were talking of the spending review two weeks ago, he was asked whether the financial transactions capital being made available to Casement Park was additional; he knows that the blue book has a flat line for the next five years, so what is the answer?
The answer to the right hon.
Gentleman is that it is additional.
The Secretary of State knows that the blue book has a flat line for the next five years.
Talking of economic growth, let me say he also knows that there is a commitment to an enhanced investment zone in Northern Ireland.
When does he believe the businesses of Northern Ireland will benefit from that?
If the right hon.
Gentleman just bears with us, I hope we can see progress on that in the not-too-distant future.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I welcome to the Gallery His Excellency Ahmad Safadi, the Speaker of the House of Representatives in Jordan, and his delegation.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 2 July.
This Saturday—[Interruption.]
Order.
There seems to be a bit of a challenge over who can cheer the most.
I have never known one Prime Minister get as much cheering. [
Interruption.]
I think they were cheering more, Mr Speaker, and quite right too!
This Saturday marks the 77th birthday of our national health service, and I want to begin by thanking our dedicated NHS staff for their service.