Instead  of obsessing with the twilight of empire, should Opposition parties not be thinking about the injustice done to the Chagos islanders?
Will the Minister confirm that in the arrangements now being made, the Chagos islanders, wherever they are resident, and whatever their opinions are, do have a right of return?
Will he give us some idea of what the attitude will be about the right of visit, the right of residence and the right of return to Diego Garcia, where the majority of the Chagos islanders have come from?
They are a people who have been badly treated by history and are now being used as pawns by people more interested in defending some strange notion of the twilight of empire than justice for the Chagos islanders.
The primary purpose of the deal was of course to secure the base on Diego Garcia and the national security of the UK and our allies, but the right hon.
Member is right to point out the historical situation regarding the Chagossians.
We have expressed deep regret for how they were removed from the islands in the 1960s and ’70s; indeed, that is on the face of the treaty.
We recognise the importance of the islands to the Chagossians as well as the different views in the community, which he is well acquainted with.
We will be restarting those visits, including to Diego Garcia.
The programme of resettlement to islands outside Diego Garcia will be for Mauritius to determine, but we have committed to Members on the Liberal Democrat Benches in the other place that we will provide further statements on how that will work in due course.
There is also the trust fund and the support we provide here in the UK.
We are listening to the different Chagossian groups and trying to ensure that their interests are at the heart of the treaty deal as we move forward.
The Minister will be aware of a pending judicial review challenge focused on the lack of consultation with the Chagossians.
Why was there not full and adequate consultation with the Chagossian people?
I will not comment on ongoing judicial matters, but as I have set out a number of times the negotiations were necessarily between the UK and Mauritius.
However, we recognise the importance of the islands to Chagossians, which is why the measures that I just set out have been put in place.
On a point of order, Mr Deputy Speaker.
In answer to  the hon.
Member for St Ives (Andrew George) , the Minister seemed to imply—to Opposition Members’ ears anyway—that the United States would be paying, I think he said, a larger quantum of the funding for the deal.
I think he was referring to the operational cost of the base.
May I ask for confirmation that the United States is not contributing at all to the £30 billion lease under the settlement?
Order.
That is not a point of order for the Chair, as the hon.
Gentleman will appreciate, but if the Minister wishes to respond I will allow him to do so.
Further to that point of order, Mr Deputy Speaker.
Perhaps it was because of the noise and the shouting, but I was clear.
The United States contributes to the operations on Diego Garcia, and rightly so.
There is establishment of that in relation to the exchange of notes between the UK and the United States.
It is not contributing towards the costs of the treaty deal.
With permission, Mr Deputy Speaker, I would like to make a statement on the publication of the report from the National Energy System Operator following its review into the fire at the North Hyde substation on  20 March .
NESO’s review was commissioned jointly by the Energy Secretary and Ofgem in the immediate aftermath of the fire, which disrupted power supply to over 70,000 customers, including, of course, Heathrow airport, which closed operations on  21 March .