Interruption.]
I think they were cheering more, Mr Speaker, and quite right too!
This Saturday marks the 77th birthday of our national health service, and I want to begin by thanking our dedicated NHS staff for their service.
In that 77th year, I am proud that this Labour Government have delivered 4 million extra appointments, 1,700 more GPs and the lowest waiting lists for two years.
The Labour party is proud to have been the party that created the NHS, and tomorrow we are announcing our 10-year health plan to build an NHS that is fit for the future, so that in many years and decades to come we can still proudly celebrate the anniversary of the NHS.
May I also wish England and Wales the best of luck in the women’s Euros and congratulate England’s under-21s on retaining the Euros?
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
When this Labour Government extended free school meals to half a million more children last month, Laura—a working mum in Rochdale—told me it would save her £500 a year.
She said:
“I am over the moon.
Only Labour would have done this.”
Does the Prime Minister agree that people voted Labour a year ago for not just change, but hope, and that cutting child poverty is the moral mission of this Government in order to help every child in this country?
I am really proud that we extended free school meals for another half a million children, including Laura’s.
It is people like Laura and giving children the best start in life that we have in our mind’s eye.
I think the child poverty taskforce visited Rochdale recently and will continue to back parents like Laura.
We have already started rolling out not just free school meals, but free breakfast clubs, and extending childcare.
That is real change under this Labour Government.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
First of all, can I take this opportunity to congratulate  the hon.
Member for Rochdale (Paul Waugh)  on being the toady of the week, helping the Prime Minister? [
Interruption.]
Order.
There are a load of people wanting to catch my eye today.
There are some free hits on the Government Benches—hon.
Members should not waste their opportunity.
It has been a difficult week for the Prime Minister, so let us start with something simple.
Can he tell the House how much his welfare Bill is going to save?
Let me start by saying that free school meals matter on this side of the House.
In relation to welfare, what we delivered last night was a Bill that ends mandatory reassessment of those with severe disabilities.
That is the right thing to do.
It rebalances universal credit—that is long overdue—and it sets out a pathway to reform of the personal independence payment.
It is consistent with the principles I set out  throughout: if you can work, you should work; if you need help into work, the state should provide that help—the system that the Conservatives broke does not do so; and if you cannot work—[Interruption.]
Order.
There are one or two Members who I can spot immediately: the usual voices, the same names.
Please—it is too early to leave the Chamber.
If you cannot work, you must be supported and protected.
The reformed welfare system that we are putting in place will be better for individuals, better for the taxpayer and better for the economy.
I do not think the Prime Minister actually watched what happened in the House yesterday—his Bill was completely gutted.
There was a U-turn in the middle of the debate, removing clause 5.
Where on earth was he?
He cannot answer the question because he knows his Bill does not save any money; it is going to cost millions.