What is the timescale for their removal?
Goods flow freely from Northern Ireland to the rest of the United Kingdom.
Further, one of the great advantages of the trade agreements that have been negotiated with India, the United States of America and the European Union is, in the case of India, a significant reduction of tariffs on whisky, which will benefit producers in Northern Ireland, and being able to sell lamb into India.
The deal with the United States of America will allow Northern Ireland farmers to sell their beef.
I call the shadow Minister.
Contrary to what the Secretary of State has just told the House, two weeks ago, the Federation of Small Businesses in Northern Ireland published a report suggesting that a third of small businesses that move goods between Great Britain and Northern Ireland have ceased supplying customers or partners either in Great Britain or in Northern Ireland.
Under the Northern Ireland protocol, if the UK experiences diversion of trade, we are entitled to take unilateral action to safeguard our internal market.
Will the Secretary of State tell the House whether he thinks that a third of small businesses ceasing trade in that way amounts to a diversion of trade?
If not, perhaps he could tell us what would.
There are other small businesses that are able to trade perfectly—[Interruption.]
The point that the hon.
Gentleman needs to recognise is that if some small businesses manage to move their goods  from GB to Northern Ireland, others can do so.
In the end, it is a decision for an individual business where it chooses to sell its goods.
It is the Windsor framework that applies now, not the Northern Ireland protocol, and I think he will accept that the Windsor framework represents a significant improvement on what was there before.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Federation of Small Businesses has warned that small and medium-sized enterprises in Northern Ireland continue to face disruption under the Windsor framework and, more importantly and sadly, that the Government have failed to effectively communicate the supposed benefits of dual market access so far.
If dual market access is indeed a competitive advantage, as so many people across this House think it can and should be, can the Secretary of State specifically identify what concrete benefits it is providing to Northern Ireland businesses right now?
How does he respond to the growing criticism from firms across the UK who are burdened with red tape and the fog of uncertainty?
I was interested by that observation in the FSB report because, as the House will testify, I spend a lot of my time extolling the virtues of the dual market access that Northern Ireland has as a result of the Windsor framework.
I meet companies as I travel around Northern Ireland who tell me about the benefits of it that they are feeling.
I think we all have a responsibility to extol the virtues of dual market access because, in my experience, if businesses can see an opportunity that allows them to sell more products, they will seize it with both hands.
What recent discussions he has had with technology businesses on investing in Northern Ireland.
What recent discussions he has had with technology businesses on investing in Northern Ireland.
What recent discussions he has had with technology businesses on investing in Northern Ireland.
I take every opportunity to promote investment into Northern Ireland, and our tech companies in particular.
I recently spoke at the Big Data conference in New York and at London Tech Week to highlight our cutting-edge companies in Northern Ireland.
I held a roundtable with tech business leaders and visited Catagen in Belfast just last week to talk about the industrial strategy and the ways that we can boost investment and growth.