Even those who oppose Palestine Action’s tactics must recognise the vast gulf between criminal damage and terrorism.
If this order passes, what and who is next—climate protesters, striking workers, feminists in the street?
Already we have seen a wider crackdown on our civil liberties—musicians censored, journalists arrested, and demonstrators, including MPs sitting here, harassed—and now this Government want to use anti-terror laws to make peaceful protest itself a crime.
If our democratic institutions functioned as they should, none of this would be necessary.
To conclude, if this proscription passes, as it will, we have to understand that no campaign will be safe tomorrow.
We have to recognise that this will go down as a dark day in our country’s history and one that will be remembered: people will ask, “Which side were you on?”
and I stand with the millions of people who oppose genocide, because I am one of them.
I oppose the blood-soaked hands of this Government trying to silence us.
So I say this loudly and proudly on  Wednesday 2 July 2025 : we are—
Order.
We are all Palestine—
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the adequacy of the A75 and A77 roads leading to Cairnryan ferry port on the Northern Ireland economy.
The Union connectivity review recognised the importance of the A75 and A77 roads for passengers and freight between Northern Ireland and Great Britain.
The Government have therefore allocated up to £5 million to support a feasibility study into bypass options for the A75 and have also encouraged the Scottish Government to improve the A77.
There cannot be a person in Northern Ireland who has not either been along the A75 or the A77 or had something delivered to them that has been driven through the ferry port at Cairnryan.
We in Dumfries and Galloway and people across Scotland know that these are the highways from hell.
This morning, even as we speak, the A75 has been closed by another overturned lorry.
We are crying out for improvements.
Can I count on the support of the might of the Northern Ireland Office to get the Department for Transport here to engage, as well as the Scottish Government?
I echo the hon.
Gentleman’s point, having driven along the road myself.
My notes helpfully say that average speeds on the A75 and A77 are lower than on several other Scottish trunk roads—you can say that again.
I think that the Secretary of State for Scotland has written to him and offered a meeting to discuss the issue.
We all want to see the road improved.
To the A75 and the A77, add the A9, which is the link from the Highlands to Scotland.
For 25 years we have been waiting for it to be dualled; the SNP has failed to do that.
The Scottish Government cannot make the ferries work and they cannot make the road work.
Can the Secretary of State push them into action?
I have many and varied responsibilities, but I was not aware that the A9 was one of them.
I hope that the Scottish Government will have heard my hon.
Friend’s strong plea.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the UK-EU trade agreement announced on 19 May 2025 on the economy in Northern Ireland.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the UK-EU trade agreement announced on 19 May 2025 on the economy in Northern Ireland.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the UK-EU trade agreement announced on 19 May 2025 on the economy in Northern Ireland.
The Government’s new strategic partnership with the EU will deliver a broad range of economic benefits for Northern Ireland.
In particular, a new agreement on agrifood and plants will further smooth trade flows across the Irish sea, protect the UK’s internal market, reduce costs for businesses and improve consumer choice in Northern Ireland.