May I give the Prime Minister this letter on player welfare from 303 former players, which local champions such as John Stiles and international superstars, including Kevin Keegan and Graeme Souness, have signed?
Will he agree to meet a group of former players, as cited in the recent letter to him from one of his heroes, Michael Thomas, who of course shone when he played for Arsenal and Liverpool?
May I just start by congratulating Dawn Astle on her recent and richly deserved MBE for her work on behalf of former players?
I do remember Michael Thomas very well—putting that goal in during injury time in 1989 to take the lead; it was a fantastic  victory.
I have had the pleasure of meeting him and discussing with him the very campaign that my hon.
Friend raises, and I will certainly meet him again.
Because athletes have brought us so much joy, they should have proper support from their sporting bodies on health and welfare, and we will ensure that they do.
I refer Members to my role as a serving county councillor.
July is Good Care Month and Jane Austen told us that the best place for convalescence by the sea is Cromer in my constituency.
However, thanks to Norfolk’s Conservative county council, Cromer risks losing its convalescence facility forever.
Reablement centres such as Benjamin Court are exactly what the NHS needs, yet the Tories are shutting it down.
Will the Prime Minister ensure that the relevant health Minister meets me and concerned local campaigners to discuss what can be done to save Benjamin Court?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that important issue.
Decisions on services are matters for the integrated care board—that means they are taken locally, obviously—but I am glad he has raised it, because we agree that the sector needs reform.
Unlike the Conservatives, we are investing in the sector, with £4 billion of additional funding alongside an independent commission into adult social care to improve the quality of care across the United Kingdom, including for his constituents.
Figures from British Transport police show a staggering 47% rise in violence and serious public order offences against rail staff between 2021 and 2024.
This epidemic of violence was allowed to escalate under the previous Conservative Government, who failed to act while frontline workers were increasingly put at risk.
Does the Prime Minister agree that our transport workers deserve to do their jobs without fear, and will he reaffirm this Labour Government’s commitment to ensuring that train operating companies are held fully accountable for protecting those who keep our railways safe and moving?
Those are shocking statistics.
Rail staff work incredibly hard to keep our country running and people safe.
The abuse and assaults on staff are utterly unacceptable.
We are taking measures to make sure they are safer.
We want to encourage the use of body-worn cameras, which have been proven to reduce violence against staff by up to 47%.
May I take this opportunity to thank our outstanding British Transport police for everything they do to support staff and passengers?
This time a year ago, farmers and many others across the country were about to go to the polls, perhaps to vote Labour for the first time because they took the Prime Minister at his word that he and his party would never leave farmers in the background again.
Within weeks, however, that trust had been completely shattered by the family farm tax.
Farmers know how devastating that tax will be, the industry knows how devastating that tax will be, we on the Conservative Benches know how devastating it will be, and more and  more of the Prime Minister’s own Back Benchers do, too.