Clearly, language such as “surrender” is inflammatory and inappropriate.
Conservative Members of this House wax lyrical and make a song and dance about national security.
Will my hon.
Friend remind them that on their watch, our armed forces were hollowed out, with the Army reaching its smallest size since the Napoleonic wars, and spending never once reached 2.5%?
Is it not true that Labour is the party of strong defence and strong national security?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Whether it is in the ambitious agenda for national security and defence set out in the strategic defence review, in the unity and leadership we showed at the NATO summit last week, or in securing our crucial national security bases, including Diego Garcia, this Government are leading from the front when it comes to national security.
Quite frankly, the Conservative party is showing some brass neck after hollowing out our armed forces, leaving this deal undone and so many other things.
I simply do not understand it, Mr. Speaker.
I simply ask the Minister the same question that I asked when he first came to the House on this matter.
In relation to the cost consequences of this deal, he knows that the lion’s share of the interest lies with the military base on Diego Garcia.
Therefore, what contribution is the United States making to the very significant costs of compensating the Mauritian people?
The United States makes significant and crucial contributions to the operations from Diego Garcia.
They are of a quantum much greater than the cost that we will pay in relation to the base under this deal.
The benefit to the United Kingdom, the United States and our allies is priceless, and this Government will not scrimp on our national security.
The cost of this deal is equivalent to a quarter of 1% of our defence budget, and that is in the context of a Government who have made the highest sustained increase in defence spending since the cold war.
When the Minister speaks to our international friends and allies, what is their message about the work that we are doing to restore confidence in national security and our reputation on the global stage?
And what message should the Opposition take from those conversations?
I repeatedly hear a strong vote of confidence in our investment in national security and defence, whether it is from our European partners or from the United States.
One just has to look at our leadership at the NATO summit and our ongoing support for Ukraine, which we agree on across the House.
My hon.
Friend asks about the value and the costs.
I have set out the costs on a number of occasions, but, as he says, it is just a fraction of 1% of our annual defence budget.
It would pay to run the NHS for just five hours.
It also compares favourably with other allies.
For example, France pays approximately €85 million a year for its base in Djibouti.
Diego Garcia is 15 times larger and the capabilities are priceless.
The Minister rightly says that the base on Diego Garcia is vital for our national security, and we all agree on that.
The key issue is what notification has to be given to the Mauritius Government for the base to be used for operational purposes.
My hon.
Friend the Minister of State for the Armed Forces has replied to multiple questions on this topic, as have I. Indeed, I answered these questions in the due scrutiny that I received the other day.
We do not have to provide notification in advance.
The treaty refers to “expeditiously” informing after the event, and that is absolutely the normal course of business.
I am clear that the operations and the operational autonomy of this base are secure under this deal.