What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the UK-EU trade agreement announced on 19 May 2025 on the economy in Northern Ireland.
The Government’s new strategic partnership with the EU will deliver a broad range of economic benefits for Northern Ireland.
In particular, a new agreement on agrifood and plants will further smooth trade flows across the Irish sea, protect the UK’s internal market, reduce costs for businesses and improve consumer choice in Northern Ireland.
I am pleased that the agreement secured with our largest trading partner, the European Union, will make it easier for food and drink to be imported and exported.
Will the Secretary of State assure me and my constituents that all future conversations with trading partners will continue to prioritise high welfare standards and food standards on both sides of the Irish sea?
I can happily give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
He will have noticed how in another context—the trade agreement reached with the United States of America—we said that we would uphold our food standards in that agreement, and that is exactly what we have done.
Which of the sanitary and phytosanitary and agrifood requirements does the Secretary of State expect to be removed on goods moving from Great Britain to Northern Ireland as a result of the SPS agreement with the EU?
Once we have negotiated the legal text and put our rulebook in line with current European arrangements, there will be: no need for SPS paperwork; no mandatory identity checks or physical checks on goods moving; no need for Northern Ireland plant health labels; an end to the ban on chilled frozen meats moving; an end to the ban on movements of products of animal origin imported to GB and then moved to Northern Ireland; and no onward paperwork or checks on agrifood moved for onward processing.
That is why the SPS agreement in outline has been so widely welcomed in Northern Ireland.
I am pleased to say that the proposed SPS agreement has been welcomed by the Welsh farming community, including those in my constituency of Clwyd East.
That is alongside the Ulster Farmers Union, the Federation of Small Businesses, the CBI, the Horticultural Trades Association, supermarkets including Asda, M&S and Iceland, and many others.
Does the Secretary of  State agree with me and with them that an SPS agreement would bring huge benefits for Wales, Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK?
It certainly would.
It is a rare agreement that invites so much praise, certainly across the range of opinion in Northern Ireland.
We all want to see it progress as quickly as possible, so we have got to turn it into a legal text and sort out our own legal rulebook.
The benefits will then flow for businesses right across the United Kingdom.
The Windsor framework is causing untold damage to businesses in Northern Ireland.
It cost one of my local businesses £86 to bring a box of simple ties from GB to Northern Ireland because of the parcels border, and used farm machinery is now subject to EU import procedures, with some having been turned back from the ports to Scotland in recent days.
The latest FSB report confirms that small businesses are being hardest hit with red tape costs and uncertainty.
Will the Secretary of State accept that the reset is not helping the here and now?
Will he commit to meeting these industries and helping to sort out practical solutions?
On the agricultural machinery point that the hon.
Member raises, if the machinery is coming into and staying in Northern Ireland, it can be brought in, subject to cleaning, with a plant health label that is relatively straightforward.
Only if it might move into Ireland would it need to go through the red lane.