I have set out the position on the security arrangements.
I have set out the position on the vetoes that we have.
The fact is that this deal secures this base, and it secures our national security and that of our allies.
It is absolutely right that it has had proper scrutiny, and there will be a vote, because there will be a vote on the legislation that we will put before the House in due course.
On a recent visit to Washington with the Foreign Affairs Committee, I was struck by the support expressed by the US Government for the deal to secure the long-term future of the military base on Diego Garcia.
Alongside the US, our Five Eyes allies support the deal, NATO supports the deal, and India supports the deal.
Does the Minister agree that the Opposition would do well to listen to our closest neighbours and allies instead of trying to play party politics with our national security?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
National security is the top priority of this Government, and working with our crucial allies, including the United States, is key to that.
He is absolutely right to point out the support that was gained for this deal through a full and detailed inter-agency process in the United States, at the highest levels of the Administration, as well as the support from our Five Eyes partners and from India.
The fact is that this deal secures the base and secures our capabilities, and it would not have been signed off if it did not do that.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The shambolic process of securing this deal has left many questions for the House, but the glaring omission at the heart of that negotiation has been the failure by successive Governments to properly consult the Chagossian people.
For much of their history, Chagossians have been denied consultation on who governs them and their right to self-determination.
We Liberal Democrats now fear that in handing over the sovereignty of the  islands to Mauritius without properly reflecting the interests of Chagossians, the Government are only reinforcing that legacy.
The right hon.
Member for Witham (Priti Patel)  criticises the actions of Liberal Democrat peers in the other place, yet only the Liberal Democrats championed the rights of the Chagossian people and secured a commitment from the Government to make statements to both Houses on their approach before ratification.
In the light of those shortcomings, it is wrong that the Government have not brought the treaty to this House for scrutiny.
Will the Minister reverse that decision today and give parliamentarians the opportunity to assess and vote on the final deal?
I genuinely thank the hon.
Gentleman for the generally constructive way in which he and his colleagues have approached the process.
He is absolutely right to speak about the Chagossians.
Indeed, as I have pointed out many times, the Chagossians’ interest in this matter has been at the heart of our discussions.
We have the trust fund; we have the agreement to start visits again.
Of course, Mauritius will be able to restart a programme of resettlement.
He has heard the remarks made by my noble Friends in the other place, in response to the questions that his honourable colleagues raised.
We have been very clear about what we will do in that regard, and I hold to that here today.
I have to challenge the suggestion that the treaty has not received scrutiny.
It is receiving scrutiny right now.
It has been receiving scrutiny in the Foreign Affairs Committee, it has received scrutiny in the other place, and it has received scrutiny through parliamentary questions.
It is receiving scrutiny and it is absolutely right that it does.