Member as we have had days in court on this issue.
That is one of the reasons—[Interruption.]
There was the non-binding judgment in the International Court of Justice.
He also forgets to mention the International Tribunal for the  Law of the Sea, the votes in the United Nations and all the other legal processes.
The fact is, it is our view—indeed, it was the view of the previous Government—that a legally binding judgment would inevitably follow.
Leaving such a key national security asset in that way is not responsible; no, the responsible thing to do is to secure the base with our allies, and that is exactly what we have done.
While China might support this terrible deal, let me tell the Minister that the British people do not support this appalling deal, giving away our strategic security asset and paying tens of billions of our taxpayers’ money in the process.
Our taxpayers will be suffering tax rises for that in order that the Mauritians get tax cuts.
Since the Government are in the mood for U-turns, why do they not take the hint and U-turn on this terrible Chagos deal?
I will not take any lessons from a party that fawns over Vladimir Putin.
In the Defence Secretary’s statement on  22 May , he stated with regard to potential legal rulings against us that
“The most proximate, and the most potentially serious, is the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea.
”—[Official Report,  22 May 2025 ; Vol.
767, c. 1291.]
The US, which operates the base, is not even a signatory to UNCLOS.
How would ITLOS have ruled a binding legal judgment that we would have recognised?
It is notable that ITLOS has not been mentioned since that statement?
I am confused—I have mentioned ITLOS on a number of occasions, including just a moment ago.
The long-standing view of the United Kingdom is that the UK would not have a realistic prospect of successfully defending its legal position on sovereignty in such litigation.
Even if we chose to ignore binding judgments made against us—we would not do so—their legal effect on third countries and international organisations would give rise to real impacts to the operation of the base and the delivery of its national security functions.
International organisations have already adopted decisions based on Mauritian sovereignty, and others would follow suit following such litigation.
That could affect the electromagnetic spectrum, access to the base by air and by sea, and the ability to patrol the maritime area around the base and to support the base’s critical national security functions.
Further, the UK would likely face a provisional measures order in a matter of weeks.
The position is clear, and we have explained it.
The hon.
Member’s previous Government knew exactly the same. [
Interruption.]
However much he shouts and however much he does not like the arguments, they are the facts.
Will the Minister confirm that 40 years ago the most disgusting, cynical injustice was done against the Chagos islanders and that it was their resolute campaigning over decades—often alone, with little friendship or support—that eventually brought the whole case to international law and an opinion from the International Court of Justice, which has brought about the situation we are now in?
Instead  of obsessing with the twilight of empire, should Opposition parties not be thinking about the injustice done to the Chagos islanders?
Will the Minister confirm that in the arrangements now being made, the Chagos islanders, wherever they are resident, and whatever their opinions are, do have a right of return?
Will he give us some idea of what the attitude will be about the right of visit, the right of residence and the right of return to Diego Garcia, where the majority of the Chagos islanders have come from?