On the agricultural machinery point that the hon.
Member raises, if the machinery is coming into and staying in Northern Ireland, it can be brought in, subject to cleaning, with a plant health label that is relatively straightforward.
Only if it might move into Ireland would it need to go through the red lane.
I will make this general point: in 2023 Northern Ireland purchases of goods from the rest of the United Kingdom rose by 16.2%, and Northern Ireland is the fastest growing region in the UK.
With regards to agricultural machinery, I am sure that the Secretary of State is aware of a Northern Ireland farmer who took agricultural machinery from Northern Ireland to participate in a Scottish agricultural show.
On bringing it back, it was rejected in Northern Ireland and sent back to Scotland because there may have been soil on the underside of a piece of agricultural equipment.
Does the Secretary of State really think that that makes common sense?
It is the requirement of the Windsor framework, which the last Government negotiated, to address the basic problem of having two different systems and an open border.
Everybody knows that agricultural machinery needs to be properly cleaned.
If that is the case and the appropriate label, which is straightforward, is applied, there is nothing to stop the machinery moving back to Northern Ireland.
If the reset deal is supposed to bring an end to the SPS checks, when will the customs posts, which are there for the purpose of carrying out those checks, be demolished?
Instead, the Secretary of State willingly presides over the ever-tightening EU noose on our economy, with agricultural machinery being the latest that has to kowtow to EU diktats.
Meanwhile, trade diversion is rampant and the Secretary of State looks the other way.
When will he stop acting as the Secretary of State for the EU and start acting as the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland?
I do not accept the hon.
Gentleman’s characterisation.
At some point, he has to acknowledge that following our departure from the European Union—this was the issue that the previous Government had to address—the United Kingdom has one set of rules, the EU has another and there is an open border.
How do we deal with that?
I am afraid that on mutual enforcement, the only idea I have ever heard him put forward is not a practical proposition.
He needs to take some responsibility for the consequence of his own arguments.
The EU-UK deal was warmly and broadly welcomed across Northern Ireland to begin to unpick and undo some of the damage and friction created by Brexit, which was championed by some of those on the Opposition Benches.
However, an FSB report out this week highlighted continuing problems, particularly for small businesses.
Will the Secretary of State reassure businesses that there will be co-design and full consultation as the text and the outworkings of that very positive deal are brought through?
We will continue to consult as widely as possible in taking forward the agreement that has been reached and outlined with the European Union.
There is help available for small businesses.
It is important that it is as effective and easy to understand for those who seek to trade.
I will look carefully at the report that the FSB has produced.
Regarding the EU trade agreement, what barriers is the Secretary of State aware of that currently hinder free and unfettered trade from Northern Ireland within the UK?
What is the timescale for their removal?
Goods flow freely from Northern Ireland to the rest of the United Kingdom.
Further, one of the great advantages of the trade agreements that have been negotiated with India, the United States of America and the European Union is, in the case of India, a significant reduction of tariffs on whisky, which will benefit producers in Northern Ireland, and being able to sell lamb into India.