Will the Justice Secretary commit now to ending her dangerous and unnecessary early release scheme?
The shadow Minister could at least have apologised to the country for being part of a Government and a party that ran out of prison places.
It was the Tory party that ran the system at boiling hot—at over 99% capacity.
I hate to remind him, but for months before the previous election, the Tory party operated its own emergency release scheme, which did not have any exclusions for offences connected to domestic abuse.
I will take no lessons from him, as it is this Government who are cleaning up the mess that his party left behind.
What steps her Department is taking to reduce the backlog of Crown court cases.
The Crown court backlog that we inherited from the Conservatives was dire.
Instead of cutting the number of cases waiting to be heard, as they promised,  the backlog of cases exploded under their watch.
This Government are getting a grip of the problem.
We have taken important first steps.
We have funded 106,500 Crown court sitting days this year, and we have increased magistrates’ sentencing powers to free up more sitting days in the Crown court to hear the most serious cases, but we know that there is more to do.
I am campaigning to put more police on our streets, but that is only part of the picture.
This backlog in our courts means that the entire criminal justice system is creaking and justice is being delayed.
This time last year, there was a backlog in my region of more than 9,000 cases.
Will the Minister ensure that this Conservative court chaos is dealt with and offenders are brought to justice?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to describe the situation as Conservative court chaos.
Indeed, the full picture of the last Government’s terrible inheritance will become clear when we publish Crown court data later this week.
Demand on the criminal courts is increasing at a faster rate than the actions we are able to take, and we must therefore go further.
This Government understand the scale of the problem and are ready to confront it with the fundamental reforms that will be necessary.
The Minister referred to court chaos.
A tribunal judge and a court worker from my Taunton and Wellington constituency wrote to me.
The tribunal judge said:
“tribunals are being cancelled every day as they say there are not enough judges to cover the cases.
This is absolutely not the case,”
and
“People are waiting months for their benefit appeals in appalling poverty and again we cannot deal with the cases because of this limit”
on sitting days.
What will the Minister do to increase sitting days in Taunton and Somerset courts?
We are investing in increased court capacity and in the recruitment of 1,000 judges and tribunal members.
As the Lord Chancellor said, we have increased the number of Crown court sitting days by 500, but it is not simply enough to increase court sitting days.
We have to look at fundamental reform to address the serious backlogs we have inherited from the Conservative Government.
What steps her Department is taking through the criminal justice system to help support victims of gambling-related crimes.
The Government are determined to provide support for all victims of crime.
That includes publicly consulting on a new revised victims code in the new year.
I remind the hon.
Member that the Minister for Gambling in the other place recently announced a legally mandated levy on gambling companies to address gambling harm and to introduce NHS-led treatment and support.
I welcome that response from the Minister.
Gambling addiction destroys lives.
In fact, on average, 496 gambling-related suicides occur every year.
It is not just the lives of the gamblers that get destroyed; there is an invisible group of victims—the families who have to pick up the pieces.