I have had a huge amount of engagement with various stakeholders and the devolved Administrations, so that no one is left behind when it comes to making sure that we are prepared.
Let me thank the emergency services, Carmarthenshire county council, which is the local authority, and National Grid engineers for working tirelessly to help residents who were without power in Caerfyrddin.
I also want to give a shout out to the farmers who helped clear the roads with their chainsaws.
Given that many areas are on their fourth day without electricity—most have not been promised a connection until Thursday, and some do not have water or connectivity either—it is clear that we need additional help.
The 105 line is not working.
It is not its fault; it is just overwhelmed by the number of calls.
What advice does the Minister have for people living in rural communities such as Trelech, Brechfa, Blaenwaun and Llanarthne, who are in desperate need of generators for their village halls and community centres, so that they can provide hot water, hot meals and a place to charge a mobile phone?
Can we do something about that?
I thank the hon.
Member for her question, and express sympathy with what her constituents are going through.
I am disappointed to hear that constituents face difficulty in connecting to networks.
We are trying our best to work with networks on the wider lessons for the future.
If she writes to me directly about these matters, we can certainly explore the issue further.
In Harpenden and Berkhamsted, much of the impact of Storm Darragh was wholly preventable, such as Flamstead village being cut off because Trowley Bottom and Chequer Lane were flooded, as well as the flooding on Station Road in Harpenden, and in Puttenham.
Next to the Hospice of St Francis is Shootersway, which has repeatedly flooded, and there are worries about ambulance access.
What are the Government doing to work with local authorities, and what is the long-term strategy to prevent repeated damage from storms such as Darragh?
We are working with local resilience forums, and we are also carrying out a flood review.
As I mentioned, a flood taskforce has been set up and is exploring the issues raised by the hon.
Lady.
While the damage from Storm Darragh was thankfully limited in North Norfolk, a number of properties in my constituency suffered power cuts, which lasted well into Monday.
That has once again highlighted the problem caused by poor mobile phone signal in rural parts of North Norfolk.
As hon.
Members have mentioned, many people did not receive updates and cannot access real-time SMS information.
What discussions has the Minister had with colleagues in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology about ensuring that we fix the notspots and keep my constituents safe and connected when the next big storm hits?
DSIT is looking into this matter to see how the issues that the hon.
Member raises can be addressed.
I recognise that there were issues, especially with access to mobile networks, which made it a real challenge to reach people, particularly vulnerable individuals.
The situation is being reviewed by my colleagues in DSIT.
Storm damage in Holyhead has led to severe disruption to the second busiest roll-on, roll-off port in the UK, with ferries to Ireland being cancelled.
This weekend also saw the closure of the Britannia bridge to all vehicles.
The vulnerability of Ynys Môn’s connection to the mainland has been of concern for several years, with access to our main hospital at risk.
What assurance can the Minister give me that island communities, such my constituency of Ynys Môn, will be safeguarded from extreme weather in the future?
I have been very concerned about this issue, particularly as part of our work on resilience looking at who may be affected, including vulnerable people and those who may become vulnerable as a result of extreme weather.