We have been working closely with the Welsh Government on the civil contingencies response structures in response to Storm Darragh, and have convened an all-Wales civil contingencies committee.[Official Report,  6 January 2025 ; Vol.
759, c. 3WC.] (
Correction) Officials in the UK Government regularly engage with the Welsh Government on this matter, and ensure that local responders are working effectively.
We will be looking to see what else we can learn from this situation.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Ceredigion Preseli (Ben Lake) , who asked an excellent question and raised this important issue today.
My thoughts also are with those who tragically lost their lives this weekend and with their families, and with all the communities who have been so terribly affected by the storm.
I have immense gratitude, as I am sure we all do, for our emergency services, utility companies staff and local communities, who have responded with such effectiveness and compassion.
We were affected in Westmorland, although not as badly as the constituents of many Welsh Members present.
Last week was the ninth anniversary of Storm Desmond, which we remember and still bear the scars from, and we stand in solidarity with all those deeply affected right now.
The storm reminds us of our duty to protect homes, communities, farmland and businesses.
In the Budget, the Government agreed to funding for flood defences up to March 2026, with the potential threat of reduced funding thereafter.
Will the Minister take this opportunity to guarantee, as a minimum, the current level of funding for flood defences beyond March 2026?
So much farmland has been affected by the storm, yet farms are key to successful flood management, storing water and slowing the flow to protect villages and towns downstream, such as Appleby and Kendal in  my constituency.
Will the Minister now agree to increasing the environmental land management scheme budget to help our farmers be our first and best defence against flooding?
Finally, will the Minister confirm that the Government will expand eligibility for the farming recovery fund?
Will they publish an up-to-date water management strategy to set out a plan for urgent maintenance and upgrades to flooding defences to protect homes, farmland and businesses at risk?
The Government are working at pace to step up further preparations for winter.
We are investing £2.4 billion up to March 2026 to improve flood resilience and better protect communities across the country.
We are also looking at lessons from the floods, which are being fed directly in to the floods resilience taskforce that was set up under this new Government.
That will look at flood defences and bolstering the nation’s resilience to extreme weather.
I had the opportunity to attend the floods resilience taskforce with a wide range of stakeholders, and it is a positive way to address future issues.
We recognise the significant impact flooding has on farmers and rural communities, which is why we are providing up to £50 million for internal drainage boards and an additional £60 million through the farming recovery fund.
I thank the Minister for coming to the House to explain what has been going on in relation to Storm Darragh.
Like everyone I thank the emergency services, and I also thank Monmouthshire county council for all the work it did this weekend.
Over 2 million households lost power this weekend, including a group of constituents in Llangybi, one of whom was extremely vulnerable.
Will the Minister share with us how many households have been reconnected?
As my hon.
Friend mentions, up to 2.3 million customers lost power during the storm.
As of this morning, as I mentioned, just under 24,000 customers are without power.
The Government have been reassured that the operators are due to reconnect them all by tomorrow.