I put on the record my thanks to all emergency service workers across this United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland for their sterling efforts.
Storm Darragh saw the cancellation and delay of numerous trains and flights across Northern Ireland and, further afield, across the United Kingdom.
Although that cannot be helped, thousands of people were at a financial loss due to the cancellations and delays.
What steps will the Minister take to ensure that airlines and rail companies across the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland do their bit to ensure that due compensation is paid to constituents, and that they do not lose out due to the weather conditions?
That is an issue on which we need to work collaboratively, particularly when it comes to the impact on the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
We need to see what the challenges are, and why these matters are not being addressed, particularly at local level.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
On  1 August , I wrote to the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care about the closure of Yeovil district hospital’s hyper-acute stroke unit.
Despite following up several times, including with his senior staff, I have not received a response.
On  2 December , I submitted a named-day parliamentary question for response on  6 December , but I have received only a holding answer.
My understanding is that while Members can occasionally expect to receive a holding answer, we should usually receive a proper answer by the due date, or at least in a timely manner.
From a previous parliamentary exchange, I understand that the decision to give a holding answer is determined by the terms of the question, how much information is sought and how difficult it is to obtain, but I do not believe that I am asking a question of great difficulty.
What more can I do to ensure a response from the Department for my constituency of Yeovil?
The Chair is not responsible for the quality or timeliness of Ministers’ answers to correspondence or to questions, but it seems to me that the hon.
Gentleman has waited an awfully long time, both for a reply to his letter and for a substantive answer to his written question.
I am sure that those on the Treasury Bench will have noted his remarks, and I hope that somebody from the Department of Health and Social Care is already drafting a response.
I am sure that they will be in touch with him very soon to explain what is going on.
I do not want to have to keep repeating this, but Members have a right to expect timely answers to correspondence, and to expect that when a holding answer is issued, a substantive reply will be along very soon thereafter.
This seems to be a trend; it is becoming more and more apparent that Ministers are not responding.
I am still waiting for a Minister in the Lords to respond to me, so I know the frustration well.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.
57 )
Wera Hobhouse, supported by Clive Jones, presented a Bill to require the Secretary of State to review the current arrangements for breast cancer screening, including the potential merits of reducing the minimum age at which women are invited for regular breast cancer screening and of increasing the use of automated breast ultrasound; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the first time; to be read a second time on  Friday 7 March 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 144).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.
57 )
Ellie Chowns presented a Bill to require new buildings to meet net zero standards for embodied and operational carbon emissions; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the first time; to be read a second time on  Friday 11 July 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 148).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.