That means that all victims who were supposed to be notified under the victim contact scheme have been notified.
What discussions she has had with the chief coroner on reporting sudden unexpected death in epilepsy.
I recently met the chief coroner.
We did not discuss the specifics of this issue, but coroners have a statutory duty to investigate deaths that are not reported to them if they suspect that the cause is unknown, violent or unnatural, or that the death occurred in custody or other state detention.
The charity SUDEP Action, which is based in my Oxfordshire constituency of Didcot and Wantage, provides specialist support for bereaved families.
Improvements to the coroner service would help to reduce trauma, improve understanding of the causes of death, and enable more research to aid prevention of future deaths.
Will the Minister press for more investment in, and support for, the coroner service?
The Government recognise the impact of delays and the other issues facing coroners at the moment, and the impact that that is having on bereaved families and the wider systems.
We welcome the recent Justice Committee report on the coroner service, and I look forward to working closely with the chief coroner, local authorities and key partners to devise and deliver a wider strategy for those services.
What assessment she has made of the potential merits of insourcing all prison maintenance.
My hon.
Friend is right to ask this question.
Under the previous Government, a process was already under way to put in place new contracts for prison maintenance.
We need to make sure that those contracts deliver good value for the public purse.
I thank the Minister for that response.
The prison maintenance contract is set to be retendered to the private sector next year.
Prisons such as Walton in my home city of Liverpool—a crumbling Victorian prison—struggle to get the smallest repairs undertaken, and there is £1.8 billion-worth of unreported repairs within the prison system.
We know that privatisation leads to higher costs and increased squalor, so can the Minister or the Secretary of State call time on this failed experiment and bring prison maintenance back in-house where it belongs?
The previous Government paused work on essential maintenance, which has added to the problems we are now dealing with.
My hon.
Friend is right to say that all options need to be looked at in order to ensure we get the best possible value for money for the public purse from any new contracts or arrangements.
I thank the Minister very much for that response.
One story that has been quite prevalent in the press over the past two months has been the amount of mould growth in prisons, which will obviously lead to health issues.
Will the new prison maintenance service that the Minister has referred to be able to deal with that specific issue?
If it is not dealt with, it will lead to ill health among those who are in prison.
Clearly, issues such as that need to be dealt with.
Staff at His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service are doing their utmost to try to tackle those issues, but we will redouble our efforts after the hon.
Gentleman’s encouragement.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Last week, the National Audit Office released a damning report on the previous Government’s record on prison building, showing that their promise of 20,000 prison places by the mid-2020s was hollow.
Unwilling to face down opposition on their own Back Benches, the last Government dithered and delayed, ultimately building less than a third of the cells they promised.
As a result, they left our prisons overcrowded and at the point of collapse.
Later this week, I will set out in my 10-year capacity strategy a realistic plan for building the 14,000 prison places that we need, and I will ensure that our prisons are never left at the point of collapse again.