I can confirm that we are committed to delivering for nature, taking action to meet our targets in the Environment Act 2021, and that we work in partnership with civil society, communities and businesses to restore and protect our natural world.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce reoffending.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce reoffending.
We will expand our transitional accommodation service and launch employment councils to strengthen the relationship between employers and HM Prison and Probation Service.
People who commit crimes should be prosecuted and put in prison as quickly as possible.
It is also clear that we need to do more to reduce reoffending rates in order to keep the public safe.
To keep up with the current demand for prison places, we need to build three mega-jails a year, costing the taxpayer millions.
Given those facts, does the Minister agree that we need to invest in technology to bring reoffending rates down, so that we can help those people turn their lives around and, crucially, keep the public safe?
Absolutely; public safety is our No.
1 priority and new technology gives us every advantage to do things differently.
That is one of the things that the independent sentencing review under David Gauke will be looking at.
Providing quality education and training for offenders is one of the most effective ways of reducing reoffending.
Weston College in Weston-super-Mare runs a transformational prison education programme across the south-west of England, which supports successful rehabilitation, resettlement and employment of offenders on release.
Can the Minister advise what steps the Department is taking to ensure that more offenders can develop the skills they need to successfully gain employment and reintegrate into society?
I very much welcome the work that Weston College does in prisons.
We are also developing our training offer for employers in areas such as rail tracks and construction, and HMPPS’s Creating future opportunities programme is working to improve the employability of offenders in both prison and the community.
I declare an interest as the founder and chairman of a prison rehabilitation charity.
The Minister has helpfully set out what the Government are doing about reducing reoffending, which I welcome.
Is he aware, though, of the enormous pressure put on prisoners who are approaching the end  of their release, given the pressures that the prison service is under?
That is partly because of early release itself, which is releasing prisoners before they finish programmes provided by charities or the prisons, but also because of the churn of prisoners being shipped around the prison system because of the pressure on that system.
Is there anything he can tell us about what the Government are doing to ensure that prisoners approaching the end of their sentence have some stability in the prison they are serving in so that they can get support as they approach release?
Several of the things that I have mentioned already are designed to do exactly that, and we recognise exactly what the hon.
Gentleman says.
On the SDS40 scheme, prison and probation officers have done an outstanding job in supporting prisoners through that journey.
A constituent of mine reported a rape and sexual offence case well over two years ago but, like many victims, is still waiting for her case to be processed by the Crown court, leaving her pessimistic about the criminal justice system’s ability properly to tackle violence against women and girls.
What is the Ministry of Justice doing to tackle the backlog and support victims of VAWG through the criminal justice system?
Order.
That is not relevant to the question that has been asked.
What steps her Department is taking to increase prison capacity.
We took immediate action to prevent the collapse of the prison system by changing the automatic release point for standard determinate sentences.