The last Government spent over £100 million trying to deal with the issue; what plans do the current Government have to try to comprehensively deal with it?
The hon.
Gentleman is right: drugs are rife in too many of our prisons and that problem has been very difficult to challenge, both for the previous Government and no doubt for us as well.
We have to crack down on the supply of drugs into our prisons, which is why we are expanding the use of no-fly zones.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that scanners have already been used, but hardened criminals are increasingly moving on to using drones instead.
We will crack down on supply but we also need to look at demand and getting more of our prisoners off drugs while they are in prison.
The current court backlog across England is an indictment of the previous Government, with almost 1,800 cases in Nottinghamshire alone.
Rape victims are waiting on average over a year to have their case brought to trial, if it gets that far.
What is the Department doing to prioritise these cases and restore faith in the criminal justice system for victims of rape and serious sexual offences?
My hon.
Friend is right that justice delayed is justice denied, and our hearts break for victims waiting too long for trials to come.
That is why we must tackle the Crown court backlog, which we are doing by keeping  open 16 Nightingale courts through the recruitment of more judges.
As I said previously, we need fundamental reform, and that is what we will bring about.
To boost public confidence in the criminal justice system, can the Minister confirm that the Government will not resort to increased dependency on community sentences, many of which are unserved?
As the hon.
Gentleman will have heard me say many times, we have brought forward an independent sentencing review to look at the issues of sentencing in the round to ensure that we are never again in the position where we are about to run out of prison places and cannot lock up those who must be locked up for reasons of public protection.
The review will also make recommendations on how prisoner rehabilitation can help people turn their lives around and, more importantly, cut the number of victims that would result from reoffending.
Last month in Basingstoke, three women were victims of spiking while on nights out.
That appalling crime robs individuals of their autonomy, puts lives at risk and leaves women feeling unsafe.
Victims, including Skylar, Laura and Jade, have highlighted serious gaps in the awareness of and response to spiking, so I welcome the Government’s pledge to make spiking a specific criminal offence and to train thousands of night-time economy staff.
Will the Minister update the House on how the proposed measures will be implemented to prevent further incidents in towns such as Basingstoke?
This Government are committed to bringing forward a specific new offence of spiking.
We are committed to modernising the existing legislation in this Session so that no other victims like Skylar, Laura and Jade suffer these abhorrent crimes.
Nearly 3,000 prisoners are still incarcerated under imprisonment for public protection sentences, which were abolished more than 12 years ago, many for offences not intended to be covered by such sentences.
Will the Justice Secretary commit to expediting the Government plans to re-sentence all prisoners still stuck on indefinite IPP sentences to free up limited prison capacity?
First, the last Conservative Government were right to abolish the IPP sentencing regime, but that has left us with a cohort within our prison system who are still serving these sentences.
I am determined to make more progress in ensuring that, when safe to do so, more of those individuals can come out of prison, but I will not do so in a way that compromises public protection, as some of these individuals pose a real risk to the public.