Friend mentions, up to 2.3 million customers lost power during the storm.
As of this morning, as I mentioned, just under 24,000 customers are without power.
The Government have been reassured that the operators are due to reconnect them all by tomorrow.
I join the House in paying tribute to the emergency services, including Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service and Dyfed-Powys police, as well as Powys county council in my constituency, which have been working tirelessly to keep people safe over the past few days.
Communities across Wales, including in my constituency, have been battered by this storm only a few weeks after already taking significant damage from Storm Bert.
Many of my constituents in the Swansea valley were left without power for over 48 hours and some may not have power restored until Thursday.
Likewise, many water supplies have been disrupted and towns such as Builth Wells have experienced significant flooding.
What support are the UK Government providing to Wales to ensure that power is restored as soon as possible to those households?
I send my sympathy to the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents who are still directly affected.
Our priority is to ensure that everyone without power is reconnected as quickly as possible.
Our colleagues in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero have been receiving regular updates from the Energy Networks Association on electricity outages.
Work is being done swiftly to ensure that those who are directly affected get their power back as soon as possible.
I thank my neighbour  the hon.
Member for Ceredigion Preseli (Ben Lake)  for asking the urgent question.
Let me add my voice to the chorus of voices thanking the emergency services, and also pay tribute to communities and local businesses such as the Hand in Llanarmon Dyffryn Ceiriog, in my constituency.
The storm brought out the best in society, which is what the worst weather sometimes does.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in paying tribute to local businesses and civic society for all their work in helping those most affected by the storm?
Local businesses, local resilience forums and emergency services have played a powerful role, and it has been great to see communities and businesses come together to address these problems, so I echo my hon.
Friend’s thanks.
These storms are becoming more frequent, and we in Scotland probably have more experience of them than most, but there is a prevailing sense that we are lurching from one storm to the next.
In the case of Storm Bert, for example, it was felt that the Met Office did not issue enough warnings early enough.
To what extent is the Minister bringing the four nations together to share what they have learned from the various storms so that we can respond to them better?
The Government have been working closely with devolved Administrations, and the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster organised a call on Friday to see what work could be done with them collaboratively.
A meeting was held to establish which areas were directly affected and where there were threats to life, and an alert was issued as quickly as possible to those areas in particular.
However, we recognise that there was some delay in the conveying of information, so we are working with operators to see how they can get the message out as speedily as possible in the event of another storm of this kind.
Will the Minister please give us an update om the extent of the floods that resulted from the storm?
Rural constituencies such as mine experienced a double whammy: we were battered by the storm, and then we were deluged once again by flooding.
That double problem is also much more sustained.
A lot of work has been done in this regard, but if my hon.
Friend writes to me I shall be able to respond to her directly and adequately.
I thank my hon.