We know that accommodation is key to reducing reoffending.
That is why we are expanding our transitional accommodation service and working closely with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to develop a long-term strategy to put us back on track to ending homelessness and ensuring this issue is tackled correctly.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of legislation on funerals.
The Government recognise that there are serious concerns about the funeral director sector and that the legislation that governs what happens   after we die is outdated.
We are considering how to ensure that appropriate standards are introduced, including through the potential for some form of regulation.
We have asked the Law Commission to create a future-proof legal framework to address what happens to our bodies after we die.
As the Minister knows, we have been in correspondence about that sector.
She kindly wrote back to me to say that the Fuller inquiry’s phase 2 interim report has been released.
My constituent Joseph Barsby runs G. Seller, one the biggest independent funeral directors.
He is passionate about how we can bring forward a compassionate way of looking at people who have died, while ensuring that standards are kept high.
Will the Minister consider meeting me and him to further discuss ways that we can bring the sector into the 21st century?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the vast majority of funeral directors treat people in their care with the utmost respect, as that business in his constituency will do.
Nevertheless, there are some serious issues of concern in the sector.
As I mentioned, the Government are currently considering the full range of possible next steps, including meeting with sector directors.
I would be happy to inform the hon.
Gentleman when that meeting is taking place, so that he and his constituent can take part.
Order.
Before we come to question 6, I notice that it was grouped, but to be honest I cannot see a relationship between the questions or why they were grouped together.
I hope a message can be passed back to the Department to say that we need to have relevance in the way questions are grouped.
What steps her Department is taking through the criminal justice system to help support victims of ecocide.
The victims code sets out the services and support that victims of crime are entitled to receive from the criminal justice system in England and Wales.
That includes the right to access support, which applies regardless of whether they decide to report the crime directly to the police.
We provide police and crime commissioners with annual grant funding to commission local, practical, emotional, and therapeutic support services for all victims of crime.
England is home to 85% of the world’s chalk streams, which are very rare habitats.
In Winchester we are lucky to have the Rivers Itchen and Meon running through the constituency.
We know that they are struggling, with only 17% of chalk streams rated as having good ecological health.
That is partly because of over-abstraction, partly because of pollution, and partly because of water companies dumping sewage in them.
We know that that not only destroys biodiversity but makes people who swim in it sick.
Will the Minister, in addition to coming down harder on water companies, commit to implementing a sewage victims compensation scheme for that particular problem?
I will ensure that the hon.
Member’s comments are passed to the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and the Minister responsible for water quality.
I can confirm that we are committed to delivering for nature, taking action to meet our targets in the Environment Act 2021, and that we work in partnership with civil society, communities and businesses to restore and protect our natural world.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce reoffending.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce reoffending.