Will the Justice Secretary commit to expediting the Government plans to re-sentence all prisoners still stuck on indefinite IPP sentences to free up limited prison capacity?
First, the last Conservative Government were right to abolish the IPP sentencing regime, but that has left us with a cohort within our prison system who are still serving these sentences.
I am determined to make more progress in ensuring that, when safe to do so, more of those individuals can come out of prison, but I will not do so in a way that compromises public protection, as some of these individuals pose a real risk to the public.
I will not conduct a re-sentencing exercise, because that would have the effect of releasing everyone immediately, but we will make progress on getting more people properly rehabilitated and out of prison.
Section 127 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 bans prison officers from taking industrial  action and limits trade unions’ ability to protect prison officers from attacks on their terms and conditions and wages.
Thankfully, these fundamental trade union rights have been reinstated for prison officers in Scotland.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is time for section 127 to change so that workers’ rights are fully restored for prison officers in the rest of the UK?
I do not think now is the time to consider that.
Avon and Somerset police is doing an excellent job at Bath Christmas market, challenging any individual seen behaving inappropriately towards a woman or young female.
What more can the Ministry of Justice do to tackle street harassment?
We are working closely with our colleagues in the Home Office to tackle violence against women and girls.
This Government were elected with a landmark mission to halve violence against women and girls over the course of a decade.
That includes all crimes against women and girls, particularly harassment, and we are working together to ensure that that happens.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s approach in recognising that we cannot continue as we have done.
She will know that county lines are having an impact in towns and cities across the country, with a particularly devastating impact on children.
Can she outline the options that the sentencing review might explore to effectively disrupt the criminal networks and protect vulnerable young people?
The sentencing review will primarily look at the sentencing framework and how we treat different cohorts of offenders within that.
It will consider drug crime, too, but on the specific issue of county lines, I will ensure that my hon.
Friend gets a response from the Home Office.
Only a couple of days ago, a prisoner was let out under the Government’s early release scheme.
He was wanted for removing his GPS tag.
What assessment has been made on the reoffending rates so far since the start of the scheme?
Anybody who breaches their licence conditions can be recalled immediately to prison.
If somebody removes their tag, they can and will be recalled.
We have not seen higher than normal rates of recall under the SDS40 scheme, and we have not changed our projections on prison capacity.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
Last month, the Justice Committee visited central London county court, which is one of the busiest in England, and met the exceptional and resilient people who run it, both judicial and administrative.
They need to be resilient as their work is contained in thousands of paper files that are stored, transported and updated in a way that Dickens would have recognised.
When will we digitise civil justice?
The modernisation of the courts and the digitisation programme is a priority.
Clearly, that can increase efficiency in the progress of cases and improve the workings of case management.
We are  looking at that and working in close co-operation with our colleagues in the judiciary to ensure that we make progress in that area.