Can the Minister reassure me about the steps being taken to encourage retention of experienced members of staff?
One of the very first actions of the Government was to accept the Prison Service pay review body’s independent recommendations in full, delivering a pay increase of 5% for prison officers.
In addition, we monitor exit interview data and use it to help design interventions to improve retention.
One in four people of working age in the UK has a criminal record, for a variety of reasons.
Most of these people no longer pose a threat to society, but are still tied to their past by their criminal record and face a lifetime of barriers with employers.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that the criminal record implications of a sentence do not impact on an individual disproportionately?
The hon.
Member raises an important issue, which is always under review, but that is where we are at the moment.
What are the Government doing to ensure that offenders are managed effectively in the community, and how will the Secretary of State use offender monitoring technology to improve the efficiency of the Probation Service in keeping the public safe?
I particularly welcome the steps taken with technology on exclusion zones and monitoring alcohol and drugs in the human body.
I thank my hon.
Friend.
Tagging technology can monitor offenders effectively in the community.
We have tags that monitor curfews and exclusion zones, tags to impose home detention—in effect, the equivalent of house arrest—and sobriety tags with a 97% compliance rate.
We are currently looking at expanding the use of technology to improve productivity in the Probation Service.
We will also fund an additional 5,000 new tags to expand the use of tech outside prison.
One in 50 Albanians in Britain is in jail, and foreign nationals such as Jamaicans, Iraqis and Somalis are also disproportionately likely to be criminals.
We need better data to inform immigration, asylum and criminal justice policies.
Will the Government publish the nationality, visa and asylum status of all offenders in prison—if yes, can we have a timeline, and if not, can we have a good reason why not?
We are currently using a data collection and publication approach inherited from the previous Conservative Government—probably from the hon.
Member’s time as an adviser to the former Home Secretary and Prime Minister—but I will continue to monitor the data that we collect and publish.
We are committed to ensuring that we deport foreign national offenders, and are on track to deport more this year than were deported in the previous year.
We will make more progress in that respect.
Like other hon.
Members from south Wales, I regularly hear from constituents with relatives in Parc Prison of their concerns about safety, the state of the facilities and the difficulty of getting medication and mental health support.
I know the Victims Minister—the Under-Secretary of State for Justice, my hon.
Friend the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones)—and the Prisons Minister visited on Thursday, and I thank them for being proactive, because this has been going on a long time.
Can the Minister report back on what the management are doing to improve things?
I can assure the House and my hon.
Friend that HMP Parc is receiving targeted support.
She points to the recent visit by my hon.
and noble Friends to the prison, and the Minister for Prisons in the other place is providing full evidence about this and other matters to the Welsh Affairs Committee tomorrow.
Elizabeth Fry first began her work to create sex-specific prison facilities for women in 1813, with the primary aim of protecting female prisoners from rape, and the Gaols Act 1823 put this into statute.
Yet 200 years later, Fry’s legacy is being betrayed as girls and women continue to be housed with boys and men.
One such example is Wetherby.