However, it is vital that we make fiscally responsible decisions.
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the early release scheme.
SDS40—the standard determinate sentences early release scheme—was an emergency measure that we had to take to avert the complete collapse of the criminal justice system following the shocking inheritance left to us by the previous Government.
The emergency measure is not, of course, the solution to the crisis that we inherited.
That is why we will build the 14,000 prison places that we need, and have launched the independent review of sentencing.
What concerns me is not the past but the future and how to protect the public.
Will the Secretary of State assure me that the screening process is sufficiently robust to ensure that violent and dangerous criminals are not released into the community?
I gently say to the right hon.
Gentleman that the past is relevant in so far as it sets the context for the crisis that we have inherited, which needs resolving.
Given that we all but ran out of prison places—numbers had fallen to fewer than 100 in the summer—it is important that we recognise that the prison system is and has been on the point of collapse.
That is why we had to take emergency measures.
We have made exclusions to the SDS40 scheme that should take account of his concerns.
It is of course important that offenders are monitored and supervised effectively when they are not in prison, and that is what we are trying to do now.
Tech can play a bigger role there, and I have asked the independent review into sentencing to look into that.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
There are no specific domestic abuse offences in law, so abusers hiding behind convictions such as actual bodily harm are being let out early under the SDS40 early release scheme.
That is not right, so I have introduced the Domestic Abuse (Aggravated Offences) Bill to create a specific set of domestic abuse aggravated offences—a bit like racially aggravated offences—that could be excluded from early release schemes.
Women’s Aid is backing my Bill; will the Secretary of State back it, too?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to note that, under current legislation, it is possible to exclude only offences, rather than classes of offender.
I am sure that his Bill will gain some interest across the House.
If any such changes were to be made, they would be for the future, as they do not help us with the current crisis.
I will ensure to discuss the details of his Bill with the Home Secretary.
I thank the Secretary of State for that answer—I hope to have the chance to meet her to discuss it in more detail.
The Liberal Democrats are deeply concerned about survivors who have been told that, as it stands, their abuser is set to be released early.
One such survivor is Elizabeth Hudson, who I met on the set of “Good Morning Britain” today when launching this campaign.
She has written to Ministers about her concerns, but says that she has not received a response.
Will the Secretary of State meet Elizabeth and me to discuss her case and how survivors can be respected and protected?
I believe that all who have written have received a response from the Ministry, but I will chase down that specific case.
The way we implemented the policy meant that we were able to give the Probation Service time to prepare which was not available to it under the previous Tory Government’s end of custody supervised licence scheme.
That means that all victims who were supposed to be notified under the victim contact scheme have been notified.
What discussions she has had with the chief coroner on reporting sudden unexpected death in epilepsy.
I recently met the chief coroner.