Will the Minister commit to ensuring that the Government pay attention to secondary areas such as mine, and will Government Departments ensure that the economic hammer blow that flooding causes in communities such as mine is considered in any future grant applications by the local authority?
We are currently reviewing the flooding funding formula, which will address some of the issues that my hon.
Friend has raised.
I am incredibly concerned about the news that funding for organisations that co-ordinate multi-agency responses in the event of emergency, such as the Sussex resilience forum, is set to end in April next year.
Will the Minister commit to long-term statutory funding for crucial organisations that plan emergency responses?
There is already a long-standing relationship between central Government and responders, underpinned by the Civil Contingencies Act 2004.
The Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government already works with local resilience forums on preparing for, and acting during, responses to emergencies, and provides a direct line of communication for them to central Government.
The Met Office is our statutory responder under the Civil Contingencies Act, which strengthens its role at the heart of UK resilience.
I recognise the contribution of resilience forums, and in particular the role that they played during the storm.
Northumberland has been battered by storms in recent years, most dramatically and devastatingly by Storm Arwen.
Can the Minister assure me that she and her colleagues are taking proactive steps to protect communities in some of the most isolated places in my constituency from the devastating impact of these storms?
The flood resilience taskforce set up by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is looking into exactly those issues.
Storm Darragh brought 96 mph winds, flooding and power outages, and it came hot on the heels of Storm Bert, which brought severe rainfall and terrible flooding.
Given the strong evidence that links increasing frequency and severity of storms with climate change, may I ask for the Minister’s response to the comments of Emma Pinchbeck, the new chief executive of the Climate Change Committee, who said at the weekend that the UK was “not ready” for these increasingly severe impacts of climate change?
What are the Government doing, and what will they do, to make adaptation an urgent national priority?
As the hon.
Member knows, we have only just come into office, but we have already set up a flood resilience taskforce and are carrying out a resilience review, so we do recognise these issues.
Just a few months in, we are already looking into them proactively.
As the Minister and Members from across the House have done, I commend our local authorities and our emergency services for the hard work that they did to make people safe.
The storm caused so much damage; communities in my constituency, such as Northop, were without power for several days.
Sadly, many of us had to change our plan to go out on Small Business Saturday and support our local high streets, which are struggling.
There is a palpable commitment in this Chamber to preparedness.
What conversations were had with the Welsh Government prior to the storm to ensure that we were ready to tackle it?
The Government regularly meet officials to look at how we can work with the devolved Administrations.
On preparedness, as I mentioned, we are doing work on the resilience review.
I have had a huge amount of engagement with various stakeholders and the devolved Administrations, so that no one is left behind when it comes to making sure that we are prepared.
Let me thank the emergency services, Carmarthenshire county council, which is the local authority, and National Grid engineers for working tirelessly to help residents who were without power in Caerfyrddin.
I also want to give a shout out to the farmers who helped clear the roads with their chainsaws.