The House divided: Ayes 184, Noes 359.
Question accordingly negatived.
The occupant of the Chair left the Chair (Programme Order,  27 November ).
The Deputy Speaker resumed the Chair.
Progress reported; Committee to sit again tomorrow.
We are currently reviewing the flooding formula, which will address some of the issues that my hon.
Friend has raised.
We work very closely with the devolved Administrations, local resilience authorities and emergency responders regularly on how we can address this issue.
The UK Resilience Academy will be launched in April next year, and it will be a great way for us to look at the lessons learned and at how we can strengthen our responses to such issues.
As I mentioned, we have set up a flood resilience taskforce, which looks at constituencies such as the hon.
Member’s to make sure that they are not affected.
The Government will invest £22.4 billion until March 2026 in improving flood resilience and better protecting communities across the country.
DSIT is also looking at UK power networks to see what role they could play.
On the emergency alerts that were issued on Friday, we are looking at the lessons learned to see how they could be used effectively if we roll them out in the future.
Like my hon.
Friend, I recognise the impact the storm has had on individuals.
We have been working closely with the Welsh Government on the civil contingencies response structures in response to Storm Darragh, and have convened an all-Wales civil contingencies committee.
Officials in the UK Government regularly engage with the Welsh Government on this matter, and ensure that local responders are working effectively.
We will be looking to see what else we can learn from this situation.
As I mentioned, we have set up a flood resilience taskforce, which looks at constituencies such as the hon.
Member’s to make sure that they are not affected.
The Government will invest £2.4 billion until March 2026 in improving flood resilience and better protecting communities across the country.
DSIT is also looking at UK power networks to see what role they could play.
On the emergency alerts that were issued on Friday, we are looking at the lessons learned to see how they could be used effectively if we roll them out in the future.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle hyper-prolific offenders.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle hyper-prolific offenders.
We know that prolific offenders represent only 10% of offenders but account for nearly 50% of all sentences.
That clearly cannot continue, which is why I have specifically asked David Gauke to look at this issue in the independent sentencing review, to ensure that we have fewer crimes committed by prolific criminals.
I am grateful to the Lord Chancellor for her answer.
Can she tell the House what data her Department holds on the nationality of prolific offenders, and what steps she will take to deport those who are non-British?
The hon.
Member will know that we retain data on foreign national offenders, and this Government are on track to remove more foreign national offenders this year than in the previous year.
I obviously want to make further progress on this issue, and I hope that there will be consensus across the House so that we remove those who commit crimes in this country and who have no right to be here.
The Government’s early release scheme has an impact assessment for it to run for 10 years.
For however long it does run, will the Government confirm that no prolific offenders will be released early?
The impact assessment is done over the usual period of time, but I have committed to review the policy 18 months from the moment it was brought in, which is a commitment that we will keep.
I recognise that we have a problem with prolific offending.