Elizabeth Fry first began her work to create sex-specific prison facilities for women in 1813, with the primary aim of protecting female prisoners from rape, and the Gaols Act 1823 put this into statute.
Yet 200 years later, Fry’s legacy is being betrayed as girls and women continue to be housed with boys and men.
One such example is Wetherby.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me and the Women’s Rights Network that Susannah Hancock’s work on this is urgently needed, and can she give any indication of when Susannah will conclude her review?
There are no girls currently in Wetherby.
We have not changed and will not be changing the policy we inherited from the previous Government in relation to single-sex spaces and the prison system; that policy will remain as it has been.
The women’s justice board will consider the issues that relate to female offenders across the women’s estate.
The criminal injuries compensation scheme is a vitally important part of the justice system but among the gaps in the framework we inherited is interim support for victims of crime under 18 before they can access their award.
This is profoundly affecting three of my young constituents who were victims of rape, and their families, in dealing with the consequences.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can do more for child victims of the most serious offending and ensure the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority is fit for purpose?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point about the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority.
The previous Government undertook a review of the scheme; it ran three consultations respectively.
When the election was called in May no response to those consultations had been published.
We are considering the support we provide to victims including child victims, and we are advising on a new victims’ code in the new year specifically to look at that issue, including any response to the review, and we will set out our plans in due course.
Since the beginning of this year, 17 inmates have died at HMP Parc.
It has been under the control of G4S since opening in 1997.
What consideration has the Lord Chancellor made of returning the prison to the Ministry of Justice?
As I said in answer to an earlier question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newport East (Jessica Morden) , HMP Parc is receiving a lot of attention at the moment.
The Minister for prisons in the other place, Lord Timpson, will be answering questions tomorrow in thorough detail and the hon.
Member might wish to attend that meeting.
Two weeks ago I visited Currys in Farnborough Gate after its staff suffered yet another horrifying steaming attack.
A gang of six men stormed into the store, destroyed and stole products and terrified customers.
How will the sentencing review contribute towards cracking down on this appalling behaviour trend?
The independent sentencing review will be making recommendations to ensure that our sentencing legislation and framework is fit for purpose and that we always have prison places for those who need to be locked up, so that our prisons create better citizens out of criminals and we can expand the use of punishment outside prison.
I will not get ahead of what that review might recommend but it will look at all those issues in the round.
The smuggling of illegal drugs into prisons has been a problem for many years.
The last Government spent over £100 million trying to deal with the issue; what plans do the current Government have to try to comprehensively deal with it?
The hon.
Gentleman is right: drugs are rife in too many of our prisons and that problem has been very difficult to challenge, both for the previous Government and no doubt for us as well.