That is not relevant to the question that has been asked.
What steps her Department is taking to increase prison capacity.
We took immediate action to prevent the collapse of the prison system by changing the automatic release point for standard determinate sentences.
We are building 14,000 new prison places and we will publish our 10-year capacity strategy shortly, which will set out exactly where and by when we will get the places that we need.
The previous Government left prisons in crisis.
We will fix them for good with that capacity strategy and the independent review of sentencing.
I welcome what this Government are doing to increase prison capacity, but what will the Secretary of State do on tougher sentencing?
If she goes to my constituency of Central Suffolk and North Ipswich, she will be met with a tough, gruff East Anglian accent that says, “What’s the point of building prison places if you are not going to use them?”
I am sure the hon.
Member’s constituents will also recognise that, even with the new supply that we are building, we will still run out of prison places, as the demand in the system is much greater than the building planned.
We simply cannot build our way out of this problem, so to make sure that there is always a prison place for the people who need to be locked up and that we never run out of prison places again, we need an independent review of sentencing.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Lady Chief Justice has said that the courts are not operating at full capacity, perpetuating the record numbers in prison on remand, awaiting trial.
There could be an extra 6,500 sitting days if the Government allowed them.
Cases such as rape and sexual assault are being pushed into 2027.
Baroness Carr warned the Justice Secretary that failure to maximise judicial capacity would actually cost the Government more in costly and limited prison places, yet the Justice Secretary failed to agree to her request.
Why are the Government letting out criminals rather than hearing more cases?
I am tempted to remind the shadow Minister about his own Government’s track record.
He ought to know that it was my predecessor, his colleague, the former Lord Chancellor who agreed the allocation of sitting days with the Lady Chief Justice and that that concordat agreement was concluded during the election period when the Tories were still conducting business.
When the right hon.
Gentleman responds, perhaps he would like to explain why the allocation was made for only 106,000 sitting days.
What I have done is increase sitting days by a further 500 and increase magistrate courts’ sentencing powers, which is the equivalent of an additional 2,000 Crown court sitting days, in order to start cracking down on that backlog.
Instead of increasing sitting hours, the Justice Secretary’s defining intervention in her five months in office has been to accidentally let out dangerous criminals from our prisons.
Just last week, she rushed to Parliament to close loopholes that she created for stalking, for disclosing private sexual images and for murder.
She could be signing deals with other countries to get new prisoner transport agreements.
She could be using visa sanctions with foreign countries to force them to take back the 10,000 foreign criminals in our prisons.
She is not doing so.
Meanwhile, criminals are being released and are reoffending already.
Will the Justice Secretary commit now to ending her dangerous and unnecessary early release scheme?
The shadow Minister could at least have apologised to the country for being part of a Government and a party that ran out of prison places.
It was the Tory party that ran the system at boiling hot—at over 99% capacity.