A lot of work has been done in this regard, but if my hon.
Friend writes to me I shall be able to respond to her directly and adequately.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ceredigion Preseli (Ben Lake)  for securing the urgent question.
Electricity supplies have yet to be restored to some Gwynedd communities, more than 72 hours after the red weather warning.
The switch from copper to digital technology means that all landline telephones will need electricity to work in the future, as do mobile phone masts.
These matters are reserved to Westminster—they are not devolved—so will the Minister speak to her colleagues in the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, and commit to a Government assessment of the resilience of mobile and landline communication in Wales and the adequacy of the support given by BT and EE to elderly and vulnerable people during the switchover process?
Engineers have been working tirelessly with National Grid’s electricity distributors and with other networks to ensure that steps are taken to reconnect vulnerable customers in particular, but if the right hon.
Member writes to me, we can look into this in more detail.
Will the Minister join me in paying tribute to our fantastic volunteers who worked around the clock in difficult circumstances, playing a critical role in protecting people and homes?
Will she visit my constituency to meet some of those volunteers, including some from Lowdham, Rainworth and Hucknall, who continue to face the threat of flooding?
I too thank the volunteers who have worked so hard to provide support.
I always try to visit areas around the country, and if my hon.
Friend writes to me, I will see whether if I can visit her constituency with the floods Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice (Emma Hardy) , to see the hard work that those volunteers have been doing.
This morning, 2,500 people in my constituency were still without power.
That is down from 8,000 yesterday morning, and I am grateful to all the engineers who have worked so hard to get those people back online.
Water booster pumps also lost power on Sunday, so those in a large area of the constituency experienced low water pressure.
In the sizeable town of Wem, there were large areas with no water at all, despite there having been only a yellow weather warning.
It seems that that the resilience of the utility companies is not where it needs to be to respond to an event of this nature.
Can the Minister reassure me about what she is doing with those companies to ensure that we are more resilient in future, given that these events will be increasingly frequent as the impact of climate change worsens?
We and our colleagues in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero are working closely together, and as I said earlier, they are receiving updates from the Energy Networks Association.
If any of the hon.
Member’s constituents are directly affected, I urge them to call the network operator directly by dialling 105, or to visit the Power Cut 105 website.
However, she is right that we should be exploring the impact that this could have on us in the future.
In Ironbridge gorge, a world heritage site in my constituency, the river fills up with water from Wales in the days after these storms.
Will the Minister commit to ensuring that the Government pay attention to secondary areas such as mine, and will Government Departments ensure that the economic hammer blow that flooding causes in communities such as mine is considered in any future grant applications by the local authority?
We are currently reviewing the flooding funding formula, which will address some of the issues that my hon.
Friend has raised.