For example, if rural areas such as mine are without mobile signal and no longer have copper landlines, how can they receive important emergency information, let alone call for assistance?
Will the Minister therefore commit to reviewing arrangements in the light of the storm, including whether the priority services register is adequate to address the needs of vulnerable residents during widespread power outages?
Will she ensure that key utilities are equipped to mitigate the impacts of future extreme weather events?
Finally, will she outline the Government’s immediate action to work with the Welsh Government and local authorities in Wales to support communities who are still without power, and their longer-term strategy to strengthen national resilience in the face of extreme weather events?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question and for his efforts over the weekend to provide advice and support to constituents.
As he mentioned, many households across north and mid-Wales have been particularly affected by the damage and disruption caused by Storm Darragh.
Again, I extend my sympathy to all those who have been affected by power cuts, flooding and other disruptions, which I know will have been distressing.
Again, I pay tribute to the emergency services and utility workers in north and mid Wales who are continuing to work hard to support the households affected.
The UK Government have been working closely with our counterparts in the Welsh Government—the hon.
Member raised concerns about that.
My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster spoke to the First Minister on Friday, and we are continuing to work closely together.
I hope that reassures the hon.
Member on that aspect.
In my response I set out how work is under way to resolve the situation of properties without power and affected by flooding, which the hon.
Gentleman rightly pointed out.
More broadly, we are continuing to work with partners to ensure that the disruption is addressed as soon as possible, and that support is provided to those affected.
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman feels reassured that we are constantly monitoring the work that we have done to see how to improve for future floods and storms.
The Government are taking this seriously, and I hope the whole House supports these efforts.
I echo the sentiments of my hon.
Friend and  the hon.
Member for Ceredigion Preseli (Ben Lake)  about the people who lost their lives and all those who have been affected by flooding.
Those of us in communities that have been flooded know how desperate the impact is, not just in the immediate aftermath but for months afterwards.
Flood victims often say that they have received false warnings on so many occasions that when the warnings come, they often do not have faith in them.
What are the Government doing to improve the reliability of those warnings, so that we are better informed?
What  are they doing to ensure that the public are better educated about the limitations of the warnings that we get from the Environment Agency?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that important point and talking about the impact on his constituents and those across the country.
The Met Office warnings are based on judgments made by highly trained staff who have carefully collaborated to provide instructive advice to people, businesses, transport operators and emergency responders on a storm’s impact on customer disruption.
In this particular situation, the emergency alert was sent to approximately 3 million people across Wales and the south-west on  Friday 6 December .
It reached the people who needed to be reached really effectively.
I call the shadow Minister.
I applaud  the hon.
Member for Ceredigion Preseli (Ben Lake)  for asking this urgent question.
He asked some very detailed questions about communication and connectivity that are vital for rural areas.
Can the Minister commit to writing to him and to putting that letter in the Library?