Friend the Prime Minister on the fact that tens of thousands of women and children have suffered immensely since the 1970s, with Government after Government doing nothing about it?
I am proud that this Government have done something about it, but I urge him, in the strongest terms, to talk to the Chancellor to ensure that we can address the issues raised in the Hughes report at the Budget.
I thank my right hon.
Friend and colleagues from all parts of the House for their campaigning over many years on this issue.
As I said, it is right not only that we extend our sympathies to those affected, but that we carefully consider the recommendations from the Patient Safety Commissioner’s report.
I can assure my right hon.
Friend that we will do that with all due haste, and I know that the Health Secretary will keep the House updated.
Why did the Prime Minister downgrade the role of Minister for Disabled People?
What message does he think that sends to disabled people, and will he commit to reconsider that move and ensure that the role is held by a Minister of State?
If not, will he agree to meet with me and disabled people’s organisations to explain his reasoning?
Actually, the Minister for Disabled People, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Sussex (Mims Davies) , is going to do a fantastic job, because she cares passionately about this issue.
This Government have a record to be proud of, whether that is supporting many more of those with disabilities into work and ensuring they can live independently, or making sure that children with complex disabilities have access to more changing places across the country.
Those are the values of this Conservative Government.
I would also like to say to Brianna Ghey’s mum, who is here, that as I said earlier this week, what happened was an unspeakable and shocking tragedy.
In the face of that, for her mother to demonstrate the compassion and empathy that she did last weekend demonstrated the very best of humanity in the face of seeing the very worst of humanity.
She deserves all our admiration and praise for that.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to make a statement on our plan to recover and reform NHS dentistry.
First, though, on behalf of the entire House and my Department, I send our very best wishes to His Majesty the King.
His decision to share his diagnosis will be welcomed by anyone whose life has been touched by cancer, and I know that we are all very much looking forward to seeing him make a speedy recovery and resume his public duties.
Thanks to a once-in-a-generation pandemic, 7 million patients across England did not come forward for appointments with NHS dentists between 2020 and 2022.
Since then, we have taken decisive action to recover services: we have made reforms to the dental contract, so that practices are paid more fairly for caring for NHS patients with more complex needs; and we have made sure that dentists update the NHS website regularly so that the public know that they are taking on new patients.
That has delivered results, with more than 1 million more people seeing an NHS dentist last year than in the year before.
However, we know that too many, particularly those living in rural or coastal communities, are still struggling to find appointments.
This recovery plan will put that right by making NHS dental care faster, simpler, and fairer for patients and staff.
It is built on three key pillars, which I will address in turn.
First, we will help anyone who needs to see an NHS dentist to do so, wherever they live and whatever their background.
To do this, we must incentivise dentists across the country to care for more NHS patients.