Having discussed this carefully with professionals, we think that is one way that we can incentivise people into NHS practice.
Dentists can already work up to 104% of the contract.
Many do that, but some sadly do not, so we are trying to encourage those dentists who already have NHS contracts to go the extra mile and use the full slot available to them.
The Health and Social Care Committee took months gathering evidence and putting together a recovery plan, which the Government should have adopted.
Dentists wanted that plan put in place.
Central to it was reform of the NHS dental contract.
However, the Secretary of State has completely failed to even mention reform of that contract.
As a result, dentistry in my constituency in York, where constituents are waiting seven years to see a dentist, will not have the recovery that she talks about.
Why did she not adopt our plan?
I hope the hon.
Lady will, as usual, be the help that I expect her to be to her constituents in publicising this plan.
We are getting graphics and information out to all Members of Parliament, so that they can help their constituents understand what will be available in their area, because each and every one of us wants the very best for our constituents.
She will be interested in the new patient premium, which is encouraging dentists back into NHS practice, or into NHS practice for the first time, and in the increased price for units of dental activity.
Reform of the dental contract is part of our agenda, but we realised that we needed to give immediate help to communities such as hers.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I welcome the plan.
Recovery and reform is right, and the Select Committee will study the plan carefully.
The dental Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for South Northamptonshire (Dame Andrea Leadsom) , has already been invited to come before us, so that we can talk it through with her to see whether it reflects our aforementioned report on the subject.
The golden hellos, the toothbrushing for pre-schoolers—as long as the workforce can handle it—and the mobile vans are good, but even a day longer of a contract focused on units of dental activity is a problem.
Can the Secretary of State say how she plans to entice professionals into returning to NHS dentistry?
So many have left, and that is key.
Very much so, and that will be primarily through the patient premium, which will mean that from next month dentists will be able to turn their signs from “closed” to “open” for NHS patients.
We wanted to use levers that could be deployed immediately in order to help our constituents.
It is estimated that more than 12 million people are waiting for dental treatment, but the Government’s announcement says that it will help just 1 million.
The Government’s underspend last year was £400 million, and it is expected to be the same this year, but only £200 million has been announced.
This plan is a drop in the ocean.
In St Albans, my dentists are desperate to provide NHS care, and my constituents are desperate to see a dentist.
At the heart of the problem is the broken contract.
Will the Government take up the Liberal Democrats’ plan to reform the contract and provide guaranteed access to an NHS dentist for everybody needing urgent and emergency care?
I heartily recommend the recovery plan to the hon.
Lady, because it offers 2.5 million more appointments and has a long-term ambition for the prevention of tooth decay in children.
In addition, it has that long-turn vision about increasing training places for our dental professionals by 40% by 2031.
As you are aware, Mr Speaker, I have a declared interest in this particular topic.
As my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State is aware, dentistry in England is a seller’s market.