The hon.
Gentleman articulates the case against Labour-run Wales with great power.
There is £200 million on top of the £3 billion that we already spend on NHS dentistry in England
We have finite resources.
As I have said, this is additional money.
I have prioritised dentistry across the board, but this is £200 million of additional money—in addition to the £3 billion that we spend in England.
The Minister for Women and Equalities was asked—
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What recent steps she has taken with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle violence against women and girls.
Tackling violence against women and girls is one of the Government’s key priorities.
We are making progress in delivering various cross-Government workstreams, including the tackling violence against women and girls strategy and the rape review action plan.
Three quarters of police-recorded domestic abuse cases are closed due to evidential difficulties or because the victim does not support further action.
Does the Minister agree that Labour’s proposal to put rape and domestic abuse specialists in every police force in England and Wales will give women the confidence to come forward and secure more convictions?
We will have 2,000 rape specialists across all police forces by April.
In the autumn statement, the Prime Minister announced that the Government would provide £2 million of additional funding for a flexible fund that trials one-off payments to victims of domestic abuse.
That fund was made available to victims on  31 January .
Last week, I co-hosted an event here in Parliament with a delegation from Israel who have first-hand experience of the aftermath of  7 October .
They described innocent women, dead or alive, who had been raped by terrorists.
Hamas desecrated their bodies and even booby-trapped them.
Those acts of sexual violence must be condemned by every institution and individual who cares about women’s rights.
I thank my hon.
Friend and her co-chair for organising what was for attendees an extremely difficult meeting.
We heard the harrowing accounts of witnesses and family members of young girls who were kidnapped on  7 October , and we heard from the first responders who found the bodies of women and girls of all ages with obvious signs of sexual violence.
Female  soldiers were found naked with nails and sharp objects shoved into their vaginas.
One told of a mother he found with her hands tied behind her back, naked and bleeding from the waist down, shot in the back of the head, and with a live grenade left in her hand for whoever found her body.
We must support the courage of those witnesses in giving that harrowing testimony about Hamas’s mass-scale perpetration of sexual violence on  7 October .
We cannot be silent about these atrocities.
We must ensure that the world does not forget that sexual violence shatters lives and devastates communities.
The UK stands in solidarity with survivors and continues to call for the release of the remaining hostages.
I appreciate that the Government have been trying to tackle violence against women and girls, specifically with the Domestic Abuse Act 2021.
Unfortunately, amendments that would have gone further to protect migrant women, who too often still feel unable to come forward and report abuse for fear of their data being shared and their being detained or deported, were not accepted.
Will the Minister commit to reassessing the merits of preventing survivors’ personal data from being shared with the Home Office for immigration purposes?
That is a matter for the Home Office.
I support all the work that Home Office Ministers are doing to tackle domestic abuse, and I know there would have been good reasons for not accepting those amendments to the Act.
We will continue to do all we can.
I have just heard from the Minister for safeguarding—the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, my hon.