It is built on three key pillars, which I will address in turn.
First, we will help anyone who needs to see an NHS dentist to do so, wherever they live and whatever their background.
To do this, we must incentivise dentists across the country to care for more NHS patients.
That is why I am delighted to tell the House that for the coming year, we are offering dentists two new payments on top of their usual payments for care—£15 for every check-up they perform on NHS patients who have not been seen over the past two years, and £50 for every new NHS patient they treat who has not been seen over the same period—because we know that patients who do not have a relationship with a dentist find it harder to get care.
That is not a long-term ambition: our new patient premium will be available from next month.
We are also increasing the minimum payment that dentists receive for delivering NHS treatments, which will support practices with the lowest unit of dental activity rates to provide more NHS care.
However, we know that in many of our rural, remote and isolated communities, dentists themselves are in short supply.
That is why starting this year, up to 240 dentists will receive golden hello payments worth up to £20,000 when they commit themselves to working in one of those areas for at least three years.
These dentists will give patients the care they need faster, make dental provision fairer and tackle health inequalities.
We are also delivering dentistry to our most remote regions without delay.
This year, we will deploy dental vans to more isolated, rural and coastal areas.
Staffed by NHS dentists, they will offer check-ups and simple treatments such as fillings.
This model has been a tried and tested success across many regions.
For example, last year in Cornwall, a mobile van visited five harbours, treating more than 100 fishermen and their families.
We will be rolling out up to 15 vans across Devon,  Gloucestershire, Somerset, Norfolk, Suffolk, Lincolnshire, Cambridgeshire, Dorset, Cornwall, North Yorkshire and Northamptonshire.
This move has been welcomed by Healthwatch, the Nuffield Trust and the College of General Dentistry.
We will let patients know when vans will be in their area, so they can get the care they need faster.
These reforms will empower NHS dentists to treat more than 1 million people and deliver 2.5 million more appointments.
As the chief executive of National Voices, a group of major health and care charities, said:
“This extra money…should help thousands of people who have been unable to see a dentist in the last two years to get the care they need.”
These reforms are just the beginning.
This recovery plan will also drive forward reforms to make NHS dentistry sustainable for our children and our grandchildren.
That brings me to the second pillar: growing and upskilling our workforce for the long term.
Our long-term workforce plan, the first in NHS history, gives us strong foundations on which to build.
By 2031, training places for dentists will increase by 40%—forty per cent—and places for dental hygienists and therapists, who can perform simple tasks such as fillings, will also rise by 40%.
More dentists and more dental therapists will mean more care for NHS patients.
I am delighted to tell the House today that we are going further in three key ways.
First, we will consult on a tie-in to NHS work for dentistry graduates, because right now too many are choosing to deliver private work over valuable NHS care.
More than 35,000 dentists in England are registered with the General Dental Council, but last year almost a third worked exclusively in the private sector.
Training these dentists is a significant investment for taxpayers, and they rightly expect it to result in the strongest possible NHS care.