The Opposition’s ambitions reach only as far as 700,000 more appointments.
Our plan will provide more than three times that number of appointments across the country—that is 2.5 million, to help him with his maths.
We are offering golden hellos to 240 dentists who will work in hard-to-reach and under-served areas; their proposals cover only 200.
They have no plan for training more dentists; we set out in the long-term workforce plan last year, and again in the dental recovery plan, that we will increase training places for dentists by 40% by 2031.
Then we have the centrepiece of the Opposition’s proposals: making teachers swap their textbooks for toothbrushes—an idea that is hated by teachers and that patronises parents.
We believe that most parents do a great job of looking after their children.
I know that the Labour party does not agree with that; the hon.
Gentleman called our children short and fat on a media round.
We believe that most parents do a great job, and that is why we support pregnant mums-to-be, and support parents in family hubs and nurseries.
We will not wait until reception class, by which time children have already got their teeth.
I want to dwell on the experience of anybody living under Labour in Labour-run Wales.
Health services in Wales are devolved, and the Leader of the Opposition has called Wales “the blueprint” for how the Opposition will run our health system.
Welsh Labour has the highest proportion of NHS dental practices not accepting new adult patients, and the joint highest proportion of those not accepting new child patients.
In Wales, 93% of NHS dental practices are not accepting new adult patients.
That is a higher figure than for any other nation in the UK.
Some 86% of practices there are not accepting new child patients, which is the joint highest figure with Northern Ireland.
Our plan is fully funded, but how will  Labour pay for its plan?
By using the magical money tree.
The list of policies funded by the non-dom policy is as long as my arm.
In 2022, it promised to fund a workforce plan.
Last September, it became breakfast club meals.
By October, it morphed into 2 million appointments and scanning equipment.
By Christmas, it was funding a dentistry plan.
It is the same old Labour: it has no plan.
I call the Father of the House.
The House enjoyed the words of the Opposition spokesman,  the hon.
Member for Ilford North (Wes Streeting) , although I am not sure how many he wrote himself; some may have seemed rather familiar to anyone who read Matthew Parris this morning on going to Ukraine to have a filling fixed.
In West Sussex, in Worthing and Arun, we want the same situation found in parts of London, where dentists have a sign saying, “New NHS patients welcome”.
Has the Secretary of State been working with the British Dental Association and the General Dental Council to bring forward registrations, to get incentives right, and to make sure that dentists are no longer told, “You can’t serve any more patients because you will go above your limits”?
Can she confirm that we are taking limits off, so that dentists, especially the young ones, can do as much work as they can, and can help as many patients as possible, so that we can get back to the situation that we were in before Labour changed the rules about 20 years ago?
We have focused this plan on introducing the new patient premium—a bonus for new patients.
Having discussed this carefully with professionals, we think that is one way that we can incentivise people into NHS practice.
Dentists can already work up to 104% of the contract.
Many do that, but some sadly do not, so we are trying to encourage those dentists who already have NHS contracts to go the extra mile and use the full slot available to them.