We also have the UK Space Agency investing £15 million into diverse workforce streams, particularly to help young women get into the sector.
He is right that we need to work hand in glove with industry.
What steps the Government are taking to help support women with caring responsibilities to continue working.
We all know that women take on the bulk of caring responsibilities.
The Carer’s Leave Regulations 2024 will come into force on  6 April  across England, Wales and Scotland, allowing carers to take a week of unpaid leave from the workplace knowing that their jobs are protected.
The ministerial team knows that it is an absolute scandal that in all these years of so-called popular Conservative Government we have seen such a bad deal for early years, carers and talented women.
Legions of them want to use their talent at work but are stopped by the highest childcare costs in the world.
I would respectfully say to the hon.
Gentleman that God gave us two ears and a mouth for a reason, and I would encourage him to put his listening ears on to hear about the track record of this Government.
We have, for instance, improved payments for carers, introduced groundbreaking legislation to allow flexible working from day one, and legislated for parental leave including shared parental leave and paternity leave.
The kinship care strategy was launched in December to provide a funding model for kinship carers.
We have gone further than any Government with our plan to improve the lives of carers and value the work that they do.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
That right to flexible working would particularly benefit workers with caring responsibilities, most of whom are women, but unfortunately the UK Government’s response to the results of their consultation on flexible working simply does not go far enough to provide some of the real practical support needed by many people with such responsibilities.
Last week Nikki Pound of the TUC told the Women and Equalities Committee that one in three requests for flexible working were denied by employers.
What steps are the UK Government taking to give real support to workers with caring responsibilities and ensure that flexible working is a day-one right by default?
I am a carer myself, holding down a full-time job, so I am aware of the difficulties involved.
As I have said, the Government have passed legislation allowing flexible working from day one, and we have also introduced 18 weeks of leave entitlement for parents.
That is on top of the Carer’s Leave Regulations 2024, which will come into force on  6 April .
We have gone further than any other Government in introducing those rights for carers.
If she will make an assessment with Cabinet colleagues of the potential impact of Government support for energy bills on disabled people.
The Government understand the importance of this issue.
I have recently met key stakeholders representing disabled people, including members of Disability UK and cross-Whitehall colleagues.
My constituent Mr Peter Bodek has a severe lung condition which necessitates the use of oxygen.
There is mould in his house, and it is getting on to his clothes.
He can only afford two small electric heaters.
I should be grateful if a Minister could meet me, very briefly, to discuss this rather difficult situation.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising that issue, and I speak both for myself and on behalf of the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work in saying that of course we will have a meeting.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
In the light of some of the commentary about the employment tribunal’s judgment in the case of Professor Miller and Bristol University, I want to clarify the fact that antisemitism must continue to be challenged wherever it arises.