Friend for all the work she did in the Department and has done on this subject?
We are taking a long-term view with training dentists.
As I said, last year, through the long-term workforce plan, we set out an ambition to train up to 40% more dentists by 2031.
As we also begin the consultation on a tie-in with those graduates, we are confident that we will see a greater supply of dentists to our NHS services.
The £200 million pledged today is less than half last year’s record-breaking underspend.
The plan says that any underspends will be ringfenced for dentistry.
That was promised by a Minister last year, but it did not happen because integrated care boards were using that underspend.
Why should the 73% of dentists in the west midlands who cannot and are not accepting any new patients believe it will be any different this year?
The hon.
Lady alights on an important fact that is sometimes lost in this debate: although an NHS dentist may have an NHS contract, they may not work the whole of that contract.
Some NHS dentists very much do so; others work a fraction of it.
We are trying to encourage dentists who do not use their full contract to do so, because that in itself will bring in more patients.
We are confident that alongside the new patient premium, that will help constituents such as hers to get the treatment they need.
Wokingham has a fast-growing population based on building a lot of new homes.
So as the Secretary of State rolls out her new plans, will she also ensure that there are incentives to provide dental services on the NHS in areas where a population is moving in and needs them?
My right hon.
Friend raises an interesting point.
Indeed, that is exactly the sort of discussion I am having with my right hon.
Friend the Levelling Up Secretary, because I am really interested in having that connected and joined-up approach between planning and health.
I think it could bring dividends for us all.
I do not believe that what the Secretary of State has described will deal with the complexity of dental problems out there.
I have a constituent who was referred to the Manchester Dental Hospital for a possible abscess and was told that even an urgent referral would take a month.
In fact, the dental hospital did not get back to her for five months after the referral; it offered her a telephone consultation.
The amount of pain and infection meant that she had to seek private treatment at a cost of £4,000, but many cannot afford that, including the young man wheeled into Royal Bolton Hospital in great pain, leaking blood on the floor after trying to remove a painful tooth with pliers.
What does the Health Secretary say to patients who have long-standing and complex dental problems and are paying the price by waiting in pain, paying for private treatment or trying to remove their own teeth?
I take that constituency case very seriously.
I am really keen to urge the hon.
Lady that if a constituent contacts her in future with that level of discomfort and pain, she should advise that constituent to contact 111 and, if necessary, go to accident and emergency—[Interruption.]
Labour Members are shaking their heads, but what she has just described is a serious situation.
That constituent needs medical attention, and the NHS is there, ready and willing to help.
That is the advice that she should be giving her constituents, and I hope that she takes it as seriously as I do. [
Interruption.]
Order.
The Secretary of State was giving an answer to a question.
We do not need all this shouting.
People might not agree with the answer, but you have to listen to the answer.
In congratulating my right hon.