The National Security Act 2023 brings together vital new measures to protect our national security.
That includes creating a foreign influence registration scheme through the Act specifically to tackle covert influence in the UK.
We will continue to take all possible powers to keep the country safe.
Two remarkably talented and enthusiastic individuals from Kettering, Beccy Hurrell and Lindsey Atkins, have put together a really ambitious £2 million bid to repurpose the redundant Gala Bingo hall in Kettering high street into a community arts, music, business and family hub, which would be simply transformative for Kettering town centre.
Will my right hon.
Friend the  Prime Minister please be kind enough to facilitate a meeting for us with the relevant culture and levelling-up Ministers so that we can explore how a combined community ownership fund and cultural development fund bid might get us across the line?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting this exciting initiative, and commend Beccy and Lindsey for their campaigning.
He will know that our £150 million community ownership fund is there specifically to help to safeguard small but much-loved local assets.
Our cultural development fund, which he mentions, is there to support further cultural projects as well.
I will ensure that he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss the plans further, and wish him and his constituents all the best with this redevelopment project.
Data revealed by the Centre for Cities showed that, after 14 years of Tory rule, towns and cities in every corner of our country have been levelled down, left behind, and left out of pocket.
On average, people are over £10,000 a year worse off because the Prime Minister’s party has failed on growth.
When will he take responsibility for breaking Britain?
In fact, what we are seeing is record investment in our towns across the UK, many of which were neglected by the Labour party for decades.
If we really care about levelling up, we need to avoid saddling hard-working Britons with higher taxes, which is exactly what Labour’s £28 billion green spending spree would do.
For 27 years, constituents across the Vale of Glamorgan and the whole of Wales sadly have had to wait longer to see a doctor, longer for an ambulance, longer at A&E, and longer for an operation than patients in England.
There are 24,785 patients in Wales waiting longer than two years for an operation.
The number in England is 227.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that Aneurin Bevan will be turning in his grave over the fact that we cannot trust Labour with the NHS?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Here in England we have a plan when it comes to education, where we are marching up the league tables, and we have virtually eliminated the longest waiting times, but in Labour-run Wales, as he said, education rates are falling and waiting lists over 18 months are more than 10 times higher than in England.
It is crystal clear that we should stick to our plan for a brighter future and not go back to square one with Labour.
According to openDemocracy this week, since 1999 at least 391 people have died at our borders.
That is a rate of more than one man or woman per month for 25 years.
On top of that, there is the financial cost.
The deadly and failed border regime as well as the Prime Minister’s plan for Rwanda are estimated to have cost at least £800 million since 2014.
Will he now show that he understands that the people whose lives he is making sick bets on are human beings, and provide them with safe routes to the UK in order to seek asylum, instead of more failed and extreme forms of deterrence?
It is in fact criminal gangs that are exploiting vulnerable people and leading many of them to lose their lives as they make these dangerous crossings.