Parading as a man of integrity when he has got absolutely no responsibility, it is absolute—[Interruption.]
Order.
I think Members are getting carried away.
Our constituents want to hear the questions and they certainly want to hear the answers.
They do not want to hear organised barracking, so please, I want no more of it.
I think the role of the Prime Minister is to ensure that every single citizen in this country feels safe and respected, and it is a shame that the Prime Minister does not share that view.
I welcome the fact that he has finally admitted that he has failed on NHS waiting lists.
I also welcome the fact that he has finally acknowledged the crisis in NHS dentistry.
He is calling it a “recovery plan”, after 14 years of Tory Government.
What exactly does he think NHS dentistry is recovering from?
As ever—[Interruption.]
Order.
I am certainly not having that from the Opposition Front Bench either.
Please, I want to hear this.
I am hoping that election fever is not coming tomorrow, so let us not behave as though it is.
As ever, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman conveniently forgets the impact of a pandemic on NHS dentistry; it was specifically because of the close proximity nature of dental provision that it was unable to operate as normal throughout the pandemic—that was a recommendation of the medical and clinical experts.
That is why, inevitably, there is a backlog in dental care, with the impact that this has.
But that is why, as my right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary will outline later today for the House, we are putting in more funding to provide more NHS provision across the country, on top of plans that will see the number of dental training places increase by 40%.
Our plans mean that there will be 2.5 million more NHS appointments, which is, in fact, three times more than the Labour party is proposing.
There are some areas in the country where people literally cannot have an NHS dentist, and the Prime Minister says that that is down to covid.
People are literally pulling out their own teeth—[Interruption.]
Order.
Let me just say that I do not need any more from those on the Government Front Bench either.
Do we understand each other?
People are literally pulling out their teeth using pliers—an experience that can be compared with extracting an answer from the Prime Minister at the Dispatch Box.
The truth is that after 14 years of neglect, this “recovery plan” is just a desperate attempt to recover back to square one.
If he wanted to move forward, he should follow Labour: scrap the non-dom tax status and use the money to fund 2 million more hospital appointments every year.
But the Prime Minister is oddly reluctant to follow us on this.
What exactly is so special about this tax avoidance scheme that means he prioritises it above the NHS?
Let us look at that record.
In the NHS, we have record funding; record numbers of doctors and nurses; a record number of appointments; and higher cancer survival rates.
But what is happening on Labour’s watch in Wales?
Let us have a look at that.
A fifth of people in Wales are currently on a waiting list; the number of waits of 18 months or more is 10 times higher than in England; and people are waiting twice as long for an operation.
Labour’s failure has sent the Welsh NHS back to square one, and we will never let them do that here.
When the Prime Minister admitted that he had failed on waiting lists, I actually thought that we might be entering a new era of “integrity, professionalism and accountability”—remember that one?
But just like all the other relaunches, it has proved to be a false dawn.
He is still blaming everyone else and is still removed from reality.