First, we will consult on a tie-in to NHS work for dentistry graduates, because right now too many are choosing to deliver private work over valuable NHS care.
More than 35,000 dentists in England are registered with the General Dental Council, but last year almost a third worked exclusively in the private sector.
Training these dentists is a significant investment for taxpayers, and they rightly expect it to result in the strongest possible NHS care.
That is why, this spring, we will launch a consultation on a tie-in for graduate dentists and how this could deliver more NHS care and better value for taxpayers.
Secondly, we will take full advantage of our dental professionals’ skills.
Today, even though they have the right training, without written direction from a dentist dental therapists cannot do things such as administer antibiotics.
This year, we will change this, making life simpler for dentists and making care faster for patients.
As the president of the College of General Dentistry has said, the
“use of the full range of skills of all team members will enable the delivery of more care and make NHS dentistry more attractive to dental professionals.”
Thirdly, we will recruit more international dentists to the NHS.
We have a plan to do this by working with the General Dental Council to get more international dentists taking exams and to get them on to the register sooner, and to explore the creation of a new provisional registration status so that, under the supervision of a dentist who is already on the register, highly skilled international dentists can start treating patients sooner, rather than working as hygienists while they are waiting to join the register.
I turn now to our plan’s third pillar, which is prioritising prevention and giving children a healthy smile for life.
This begins by supporting parents to give their children the best possible start.
That is why family hubs up and down the country will offer parents-to-be expert advice on looking after their baby’s teeth and gums.
As those  babies grow up, we will support parents and nurseries in making sure that before every child starts primary school, brushing their teeth is part of their routine.
The evidence is clear: the earlier good habits are built, the longer they will last.
Seeing a dentist regularly is vital for children’s health, but since the pandemic, too many have been unable to do that.
That is why this year we are taking care directly to children.
We will deploy mobile dental teams to schools in areas with a shortage of NHS dentists.
They will apply a preventive fluoride varnish to more than 165,000 reception-age children’s teeth, strengthening them early and preventing decay.
Our Smile for Life programme has already been endorsed by the College of General Dentistry.
Six million people in England already benefit from water fluoridation.
In order to go further in protecting children’s teeth, we will consult on strengthening more of our country’s water with fluoride.
Again, the evidence is clear: in some of the most deprived parts of England, enhancing fluoride levels could reduce by up to 56% the number of teeth that are extracted because of decay.
That is why, through the Health and Care Act 2022, we have made it simpler to add fluoride to more of our water supply.
As a first step, this year we will launch a consultation on expanding water fluoridation across the north-east—an expansion that would give 1.6 million more people access to water that strengthens their teeth, preventing tooth decay and tackling inequality.
This is our Government’s plan to recover and reform dental care: dental training places up by 40%; 2.5 million more appointments; dental vans treating more patients; more dentists in remote areas; more dentists taking on NHS patients; better support for families and better care for children; patient access up and inequity coming down.