At a time of energy insecurity, is it not economic madness to allow a profitable plant to close, and is it not environmental madness to tranship oil for refining and distribution across the increasingly dangerous high seas?
Given the billions that the Prime Minister has received and will continue to receive from North sea oil, will he ensure that Scotland retains a refinery capacity for Scotland’s oil?
The future of Grangemouth refinery is obviously a commercial decision for its owners, but I am told that the site will remain operating as a refinery until at least May 2025.
In the meantime, the UK and Scottish Governments are working together to seek assurances from Grangemouth about how it is supporting employees.
We remain confident in our fuel supply.
On energy security, which the hon.
Gentleman mentioned, this Government are unambiguously backing the North sea oil and gas sector because that is how we support energy security in this country, attract investment and create jobs, particularly in Scotland.
I was very proud that it was a Conservative Government who appointed the Patient Safety Commissioner, and that we commissioned the Hughes report on medical devices and medicines, which was published this morning.
Will my right hon.
Friend also make me proud by addressing the points that the commissioner has raised and bringing forward a redress scheme in a timely manner?
I am grateful to the Patient Safety Commissioner and her team for their work on this important issue—one that I know my right hon.
Friend has spoken about in the past.
Of course, first and foremost, our sympathies remain with those affected by sodium valproate.
We are focused on improving the system and how it listens to patients, and it is right that the Government carefully consider the report’s recommendations.
The Department of Health and Social Care will respond to the report in due course, and the Health Secretary will keep the House updated on a regular basis.
Many of my constituents, such as local mum Jessica, have contacted me about special educational needs and disability support.
Jessica’s son has waited years for an autism diagnosis, and he is not expected to have an education, health and care plan in place by the time he goes to secondary school.
Will the Prime Minister confirm that students who need an EHCP will get one so that they can thrive in school?
Of course, we want to see every child thrive at school, which is why we have tripled the amount going into special educational needs for capital places and put more money into support ECHPs.
I am  sorry to hear about the case that the hon.
Lady mentions.
I will ensure that we continue to look at this matter in particular, because, as she said, we want every child to thrive at school.
I put on the record my best wishes to His Majesty the King and to Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales.
Building on the question asked by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Romsey and Southampton North (Caroline Nokes) , I know that my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister is exceptionally pleased about the Hughes report, which has been published today.
A huge amount of work has been done by Members from across the Chamber, including the hon.
Members for Livingston (Hannah Bardell) and for Washington and Sunderland West (Mrs Hodgson), and my right hon.
Friend the Member for Romsey and Southampton North.
May I press my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister on the fact that tens of thousands of women and children have suffered immensely since the 1970s, with Government after Government doing nothing about it?
I am proud that this Government have done something about it, but I urge him, in the strongest terms, to talk to the Chancellor to ensure that we can address the issues raised in the Hughes report at the Budget.
I thank my right hon.