We do not need all this shouting.
People might not agree with the answer, but you have to listen to the answer.
In congratulating my right hon.
Friend—my personal friend—on this welcome, excellent statement, may I ask her to forgive the ferocity with which my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward  Leigh)  and I made the case for NHS dentistry when we met her recently?
In that spirit, will she ensure that some of these new dentists come to rural Lincolnshire, where we desperately need good dental care?
She has today irrigated the dental desert.
I give my very sincere thanks to my right hon.
Friend.
The House can imagine the advocacy I have received from both him and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward Leigh) .
On reaching rural and coastal areas, as a proud Lincolnshire MP myself I wanted to bring about a set of plans that will address those underserved areas.
I am delighted that the plan meets with my right hon.
Friend’s approval.
The Secretary of State will be aware that the NHS dentistry crisis has been 14 years in the making.
She will also be aware that it is impossible for anybody in Knowsley today to sign up with an NHS dentist.
The measures the Secretary of State has described may, over time, help to meet the problem, but what advice would she give today to my constituents who cannot get an NHS dentist?
The advice and guidance to dentists will be going out today, while the new patient premium that I have told the House about will come in from March—it is weeks away.
I thank my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for an excellent statement and an excellent plan.
It is exactly what patients in Suffolk have been waiting to hear—the rural payment, the bonus there and the mobile service.
I am conscious that many dentists have chosen not to have more patients, and they might blame the contract—this, that or the other.
That is why I welcome her plan about potentially tying in graduates to the NHS.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Mole Valley (Sir Paul Beresford)  has already referred to the General Dental Council, which, in my view, has not taken full advantage of the regulations that came into force last March.
Will the Secretary of State also look at the NHS’s own rules that further restrict the rapid supply of dentists into the NHS for our constituents?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for all the work she did on dentistry in the Department.
I am conscious that many people have contributed to this plan; I am grateful to her and others.
Again, I hear the observations on the General Dental Council, and will ensure that the GDC hears them as well.
That is a fair challenge to the NHS.
Colleagues will see that the plan is co-signed by NHS England, which shares our ambition to deliver those 2.5 million more appointments and set up the future of NHS dentistry for our country.
Today’s statement by the Health Secretary will have been listened to with great interest by my constituents in Edinburgh West, who share a lot of the same concerns, face the same difficulty getting NHS dental treatment and will be looking for the same sort of solution as constituents in England.
Could the Secretary of State clarify for me, and for all those who come to me, whether there will be Barnett consequentials?
If there are, will she impress upon the Scottish Government the need to ringfence  the money and actually invest it in dental services?
If not, would she be willing to share with the Scottish Government how she is approaching the problem in the hope that they might actually respond and do something?
I hear the frustration in the hon.
Lady’s question.