When the Prime Minister admitted that he had failed on waiting lists, I actually thought that we might be entering a new era of “integrity, professionalism and accountability”—remember that one?
But just like all the other relaunches, it has proved to be a false dawn.
He is still blaming everyone else and is still removed from reality.
It is very simple: you can either back more NHS appointments or more tax avoidance.
We know what side we are on; why doesn’t he?
The best way to ensure that we continue to fund the NHS, as we have, is not to make £28 billion of unfunded spending commitments.
Just this morning, independent Treasury officials have published a formal costing of just one part of Labour’s eco promise, its insulation scheme, and it turns out that it will cost double what Labour had previously claimed—it is not the £6 billion that Labour accounted for, but £13 billion every single year.
It is now crystal clear that Labour has absolutely no plan, but we all know it is going to fund that gap: more taxes on hard-working people.
The Prime Minister is Mr 25 Tax Rises.
He is literally the country’s expert on putting taxes up, and he thinks he can lecture everyone else on the economy.
Last week, he and his MPs were laughing at someone whose mortgage had gone up £1,000 a month.
This week, he casually made a £1,000 bet in the middle of an interview.
Last week, he thought even raising questions about the cost of living was resorting to “the politics of envy”.
This week, he has finally found the cause he wants to rally around: the non-dom status.
When he finds himself backing tax avoidance over NHS appointments, does he start to understand why his own MPs are saying that he simply does not get what Britain needs?
I will take no lectures about getting Britain from a man who thought it was right to defend terrorists.
What we are doing is building a brighter future for our country: just last week, we expanded healthcare in pharmacies; today, we are expanding dental care; and this week, we are helping millions with the cost of living and, most importantly, cutting national insurance.
That is all while the Labour party argues over 28 billion different ways to raise people’s taxes.
That is the difference between us: we are delivering a plan, but they cannot even agree on one.
My constituents and I send our best wishes to the King and the royal family.
Despite the popular narrative, our economy is doing well, with an unemployment rate well below the EU average, strong inward investment and record employment.
Taxes are higher than Conservatives would like, but does my right hon.
Friend agree that a key reason for this is that we rightly spent £400 billion on covid support, including one of most generous furlough schemes, in order to ensure that no one was left behind, and that it is our intention and instinct to lower taxes, unlike the Opposition parties?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight our record of providing support to the country when it needed it, whether it is the NHS, vaccines, furlough during covid or, most recently, help with people’s energy bills.
We are only able to afford that because of the strong management of our economy.
That is why we must stick with the plan and not risk going back to square one with the Labour party, which, as we know, has absolutely no plan and will cost everyone in this country with its £28 billion of tax rises.
I call the leader of the Scottish National party.
I begin by expressing my heartfelt sympathies to Brianna’s mother, who is in the Public Gallery.
I also send my best wishes to King Charles for what will hopefully be a quick and full recovery.