As you are aware, Mr Speaker, I have a declared interest in this particular topic.
As my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State is aware, dentistry in England is a seller’s market.
It is estimated that there are 5,000 dentist vacancies in England.
When I came here in the early ’70s with my dental degree, like very many colleagues from Australia, New Zealand and so on, I presented at the General Dental Council, who said “welcome” and stamped my hand, and I went off and worked on the national health service the next day.
Now, and for decades, the General Dental Council has required graduates from world-class dental schools—every bit as good as the ones we have here—to wait, to pay and to sit what is called an overseas registration exam.
Currently, the waiting list for the exam is 2,000 overseas dental graduates, many of whom are every bit as good as those we produce in this country.
The GDC could change that overnight by accepting graduates automatically from known and trusted international schools.
Will my right hon.
Friend please have a small chat with the chairman of the General Dental Council?
I thank my hon.
Friend and recognise the enormous expertise he brings to the Chamber on this matter.
He knows—he has genuinely talked to me about this on many occasions—the important role that the General Dental Council plays to ensure that we get international dentists registered as quickly as possible.
I very much look forward to discussing that with the GDC so that we can get more international dentists on to our register and working in our practices.
I welcome much in the plan, which mirrors many of my ideas over the years, and indeed much in Labour’s plan.
However, on access, the Government claim that the recovery plan will deliver care for up to 2.5 million people, but Government data shows that 12 million people in England have unmet dentistry needs, which leaves about 9.5 million people without an NHS dentist.
That includes my constituent Beverley Kitson, who has osteoporosis and takes alendronic acid as treatment.
The drug has damaged her teeth, and she now requires a check-up every three months after four of her teeth have decayed to such an extent that they need to be extracted.
Beverley has been with the same dental practice for 50 years, but she has just been told that it is going fully private, leaving her without an NHS dentist.
Will the Secretary of State guarantee Beverley that she will be able to access an NHS dentist under these plans?
We have very much tried to ensure that dentists who already hold NHS contracts will keep them and keep working them.
That is why we have fallen upon the new patient premium to make it more in their financial interests to take on new patients.
I appreciate the hon.
Lady’s point about retention, which, again, we are looking to address through the increase in the UDA.
But we all acknowledge that dentists are independent contractors, so we must ask them—and particularly those who are new dental graduates—to do their bit and help our NHS out.
A number of NHS dentists across Erewash have recently retired, leaving a cohort of my constituents without access to NHS dentistry.
Unfortunately, practices are finding it really difficult to recruit replacements for the retirees.
How will the plan help speed up that recruitment so that my constituents are not without NHS dentistry for much longer?
May I thank my hon.
Friend for all the work she did in the Department and has done on this subject?
We are taking a long-term view with training dentists.
As I said, last year, through the long-term workforce plan, we set out an ambition to train up to 40% more dentists by 2031.