The report has been published only today, so we will look at the details closely before reporting back to the House.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 7 February.
I know the thoughts of the House and the country are with the King and his family.
We wish His Majesty a speedy recovery and look forward to him resuming his public-facing duties in due course.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in the House, and I shall have further such meetings later today.
I, too, send my best wishes to the King.
Last week, the Foreign Secretary said that, with allies, we will look at the issue of recognising a Palestinian state, so that the Palestinian people
“can see that there is going to be irreversible progress to a two-state solution.”
Afterwards, it was briefed that these words had not been signed off by No.
10.
Does the Prime Minister agree with his Foreign Secretary?
Our long-standing position has been that we will recognise a Palestinian state at a time that is most conducive to the peace process.
The most important thing is that we are committed to that two-state solution and are working with our allies to bring it about.
People in Northampton South are desperately short of NHS dental provision—indeed, in Duston there are now none at all.
So today’s dentistry recovery plan announcement is hugely welcome, but can the Prime Minister guarantee to my residents that there will be improvements within months, not years?
We are publishing the dentistry recovery plan today, and my right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary will be making a statement shortly.
Over 1 million more people saw an NHS dentist last year than the year before, but we know that there is more to do.
That is why the recovery plan will make sure that NHS dental care is faster, simpler and fairer for patients and staff.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
I join the Prime Minister in sending His Majesty the King our very best wishes for his treatment.
Across the House, we all look forward to seeing him back to full health as quickly as possible.
This week, the unwavering bravery of Brianna Ghey’s mother, Esther, has touched us all.
As a father, I cannot even imagine the pain that she is going through.
I am glad that she is with us in the Gallery today.
A year ago, the Prime Minister promised to bring down NHS waiting lists.
Isn’t he glad that he did not bet a grand on it?
At least I stand by my commitments.
He is so indecisive that the only bet he would make is an each-way bet.
He says he stands by his commitments.
He once insisted that if he missed his promises,
“I’m the Prime Minister…it’s on me personally”.
Today we learn from his own officials that he is the blocker to any deal to end the doctors’ strikes.
Every time he is asked, he blames everyone else.
What exactly did he mean when he said “it’s on me personally” if he does not meet his promise?
We are bringing down waiting lists for the longest waiters and making progress.
It is a bit rich to hear about promises from someone who has broken every single promise he was elected on.
I have counted almost 30 in the last year: pensions, planning, peerages, public sector pay, tuition fees, childcare, second referendums, defining a woman—although, in fairness, that was only 99% of a U-turn.
The list goes on, but the theme is the same: empty words, broken promises and absolutely no plan.
Of all the weeks to say that, when Brianna’s mother is in this Chamber—shame!
Parading as a man of integrity when he has got absolutely no responsibility, it is absolute—[Interruption.]
Order.
I think Members are getting carried away.