Gentleman for raising that issue, and I speak both for myself and on behalf of the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work in saying that of course we will have a meeting.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
In the light of some of the commentary about the employment tribunal’s judgment in the case of Professor Miller and Bristol University, I want to clarify the fact that antisemitism must continue to be challenged wherever it arises.
We have seen people in this country use their views on Israel as an excuse to display antisemitism.
We have seen that in protests on our streets, and also in our universities.
It is therefore important to stress that this ruling does not change the fact that while academics have the right to express views, they cannot behave in a way that amounts to harassment of Jewish students.
Disguising that as discourse about Israel would be no more lawful than any other form of antisemitism.
The Government will consider the ruling carefully, and we will continue to do all in our power to protect Jewish people throughout our country.
On Monday, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Livingston (Hannah Bardell)  hosted a very positive event marking the start of the Football v. Homophobia month of action.
Will Ministers join me in thanking all those involved in the campaign—which includes LEAP sports and the TIE campaign in Scotland—and offer their wholehearted support for making football a safe and welcoming sport for LGBT people?
Of course we join the hon.
Gentleman in that.
I pay tribute to the work of the Minister for Equalities, who has been very supportive of the campaign—as are all of us in the ministerial team.
I hear more frequent use of the word “microaggression”.
As an engineer, I know that “micro” means something extremely small.
It is tiny.
In fact, it is one millionth of whatever a standard aggression might be.
Has the Minister a view on this, and does she recognise it as a new phenomenon?
How big a priority might it be?
As my hon.
Friend will know, I too am an engineer by training, and we engineers have to stick together.
We are very sceptical when people introduce to the lexicon terms that are not helpful to the real work of tackling serious criminal behaviour.
I am not a fan of that term, and my hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that microaggressions training was removed from the Government Campus prospectus in November 2022.
I call the shadow Minister.
Under the Conservatives, police-recorded rapes have soared to record highs while convictions have fallen to record lows.
It emerged last week that the Conservative police and crime commissioner in Cheshire victim-blamed girls wearing short skirts for this epidemic.
Why are these attitudes still tolerated in the Conservative party?
Those attitudes are not tolerated in the Conservative party.
I have not seen the remarks the hon.
Lady refers to, but I am sure that we can investigate.
However, I will push back on what she said about rape statistics.
The fact is that, for the year ending March 2023, the crime survey for England and Wales shows a 5.1% reduction in the number of adults experienced domestic abuse—a statistically significant decrease—compared with the year ending March 2020.
Last month I received a letter from my local NHS trust regarding children’s services at Southend Hospital.
It referred to women and “birthing people” going into labour.
Can my right hon.
Friend clarify whether the term “birthing people” is required language under the Equality Act 2010?
If not, does she agree that it should not be used, because it is dehumanising, confusing and insulting to many women?
This Conservative Government and this Conservative Prime Minister have been clear that biological sex matters, and language is important too.