If not, would she be willing to share with the Scottish Government how she is approaching the problem in the hope that they might actually respond and do something?
I hear the frustration in the hon.
Lady’s question.
This is a devolved area—as it is in Wales—and is therefore a matter for the Scottish National party.
I assume the hon.
Lady will continue her usual advocacy on behalf of her constituents to ensure that the SNP looks at what is happening in England and tries to do better for Scotland.
I really welcome this plan; I welcome the extra £200 million, the new patient bonus, the measures to get dentists into areas that do not have them and the minimum UDA.
These are all good things that will help people in Harborough, Oadby and Wigston to get a dentist.
Can I ask the Secretary of State to press on with two things?
The first is the move to a proper national funding formula.
Dentistry is the only part of the NHS without a funding formula, which disadvantages shire and coastal areas with older populations.
The second is the next round of contract reform—the move to band 2b is working, and dentists are using it, but there are patients with complex cases for whom a capitation-like payment would be much better, as the British Dental Association pointed out.
I encourage the Secretary of State to start working on that difficult group so that we can get extra help for them too.
I must thank my hon.
Friend for all his work.
I know how much how much effort and commitment he has put into these plans, and it shows the genuine—[Interruption.]
Sorry;  the hon.
Member for Ilford North (Wes Streeting)  is being a little ungracious.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Harborough (Neil O’Brien)  has been part of the united work across Government to deliver these plans.
I very much take on board his recommendations and encouragement.
As I say, we see this plan as delivering 2.5 million more appointments for our constituents, but of course we want to look to the long term as well.
Is the Secretary of State aware that Rip Van Winkle fell asleep for 20 years?
This Conservative Government have been asleep for even longer than that, as far as dentistry is concerned.
Will the Secretary of State now wake up and talk to real working dentists, such as Phil Lucitt—one of my excellent NHS dentists in Huddersfield, who is in the Gallery with his wife today—and get something done about this crisis?
It is a crisis in Huddersfield, as in every town in this country, such as Bristol, as we heard yesterday.
People are in pain, people are suffering, and for 14 years her Government have done little about it.
I must admit that I did not know quite where that question was going, but I think the hon.
Gentleman is urging me to speak to dentists.
I am delighted to reassure him that my ministerial officials and I do of course speak to dentists.
In fact, only today I was at a practice in the heart of Westminster, speaking  to a dental manager who welcomes this plan.
I will veer away and resist the temptation to comment on Rip Van Winkle.
I welcome this dental recovery plan, which will help to deliver dentistry in Darlington.
Can my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State provide me with advice on what more I can do to get my integrated care board to get on with the commissioning at Firthmoor community centre, which lost its dentistry practice 10 months ago?
In looking to expand the number of dental training places, I urge the Secretary of State to look at Teesside University, which has ambitions to build on its existing dental technology provision and train the Tees Valley dentists of tomorrow.
Thanks to the work of my hon.