I gently say to the hon.
Gentleman that it is not appropriate to draw precise equivalence with things like the Horizon scheme, because that involved a judicial process, with different facts, different losses and different harms.
However, we have been making consistent improvements to the compensation scheme, including making it easier for applicants to use, and we have rapidly accelerated the speed at which we make our payments.
Victims of the Windrush scandal have experienced huge injustices of destitution, humiliation and varied health issues, as well as delays in receiving compensation.
To make matters worse, they do not currently receive compensation for the loss of private pensions.
Will the Minister look into reducing the delays and compensating Windrush victims for private pension losses?
We consider each claim on its facts, and no two claims are the same.
I would be happy to write to the hon.
Lady about specific issues, but I reassure her that we do not take a blanket approach to each individual and we assess claims individually.
I call the shadow Secretary of State for Women and Equalities.
The Conservatives have failed the Windrush generation twice now: first by denying their rights as British citizens, and secondly by delaying their compensation, as we have just heard again.
Labour would sort out the compensation scheme, re-establish the major change programme and Windrush unit scrapped by the Conservatives and appoint a Windrush commissioner to ensure that this kind of scandal never happens again.
What is the Government’s plan here?
I find it difficult to accept that a scheme is failing when more than 80% of claims have now received a final decision, and more than 90% have either received a final decision or are less than six months old.
So I disagree with that.
I think it was suggested that we should take the scheme out of the Home Office—perhaps that is Labour’s proposal.
I remind the hon.
Lady that Martin Levermore, the independent adviser to the Windrush scheme, supported the scheme remaining in the Home Office in his most recent report, published in March 2022.
There is no accountability for the failures being felt so acutely by so many people who, frankly, do not have much time left to see justice.
The Windrush generation and their families helped to build our NHS, but today we see big inequalities in health outcomes.
Labour’s race equality Act would include a target to close the appalling maternal mortality gap for black and Asian women.
It seems another nine months have passed since the maternity disparities taskforce last met—is that because the Minister for Women and Equalities thinks this is another of her alleged fake problems?
I say to the hon.
Lady that that is not accepted.
In fact, the Health Secretary made an announcement on maternal services this week; I think it would be appropriate to refer to my colleagues at the Department of Health and Social Care, and then I will write to the hon.
Lady on this point.
Whether she has had recent discussions with the Domestic Abuse Commissioner on taking steps to help tackle so-called honour-based abuse.
I meet the Domestic Abuse Commissioner regularly, and our last joint visit was to a refuge for minoritised women for whom honour-based abuse was a specific issue.
It is important work of the Home Office to look at the specific harms connected with this issue.
One of the things we are most proud of is our forced marriage unit, which has provided support services to more than 300 cases in the past year.
We also fund a national honour-based abuse helpline, which has helped more than 2,500 people in the past 12 months.
Savera UK, which is based in my constituency, and the Domestic Abuse Commissioner are concerned by this Government’s failure to provide a statutory definition of so-called honour-based abuse.