Just this week, she resorted to trying to remove her tooth herself.
That is not right for anyone of any age, but Jeanette should be in the prime of her life.
Will the Secretary of State apologise to Jeanette and the millions like her for what the Conservatives have done to NHS dentistry?
After 14 years of neglect, cuts and incompetence, the Government have today announced a policy of more appointments, recruiting dentists to the areas most in need and toothbrushing for children.
It sounds awfully familiar.
They are adopting much of Labour’s rescue plan for dentistry.
Does that not show that the Conservatives are out of ideas of their own, and are looking to Labour to fix the mess they have made?
I say: next time Conservative Ministers say that Labour does not have a plan, or that Labour’s plan is not credible, don’t believe a word of it.
There are some differences between our two parties’ approaches.
Labour is pledging an extra 700,000 urgent and emergency appointments, which are additional to the appointments announced today.
Can the Health Secretary confirm that the Government’s plan does not provide any additional emergency support?
Labour proposed supervised early-years toothbrushing, and Conservative MPs accused it of being “nanny state”.
Does the Health Secretary stand by that label, or does she now support children under five being supported in brushing their teeth?
The key difference is that we recognise that our plan is a rescue plan, and that to put NHS dentistry back on its feet, immediate reform of the dental contract is needed.
Without that, the Government’s plan is doomed to fail.
Do not just take my word for it; the British Dental Association has said that the plan will not stop the exodus of dentists from the NHS, will not provide a dentist for every patient who needs one, and will not put an end to this crisis.
I come to the Parliamentary Private Secretary,  the hon.
Member for North Norfolk (Duncan Baker) , and the miserable script that the Whips are spreading out on the Table.
If Labour’s contract is to blame, why have the Government not reformed it in 14 years, and why are they not reforming it now?
In 2010, the Conservatives promised in their election manifesto to reform the dental contract.
They are bringing back not just Lord Cameron, but his broken promises.
People have been desperately trying to get dental care for years, but there was nothing from the Conservative party.
Now that we are in an election year, the Conservatives are trying to kick the can down the road, and are scrambling for a plan.
They only discover their heart when they fear in their heart for their political futures, and the consequences have been seen: queues around the block in Bristol.
Finally, the Secretary of State is promising reform after 2025 and after the next general election.
Who is she trying to kid?
After 2025, the Conservatives will be gone, and if they are not, NHS dentistry will be.
How many more chances do they expect?
How many more broken promises will there be?
We had 2010, 2015, 2017 and 2019.
Their time is up, and it is time for Labour to deliver the change that this country needs.
I tried to help the hon.
Gentleman by giving him an advance copy of my speech yesterday, yet that was his speech.
This Government are focused on delivering for patients.
Perhaps I can help him understand the difference between the Opposition’s proposals and the Government’s fully funded dental recovery plan.
The Opposition’s ambitions reach only as far as 700,000 more appointments.
Our plan will provide more than three times that number of appointments across the country—that is 2.5 million, to help him with his maths.
We are offering golden hellos to 240 dentists who will work in hard-to-reach and under-served areas; their proposals cover only 200.