The deadly and failed border regime as well as the Prime Minister’s plan for Rwanda are estimated to have cost at least £800 million since 2014.
Will he now show that he understands that the people whose lives he is making sick bets on are human beings, and provide them with safe routes to the UK in order to seek asylum, instead of more failed and extreme forms of deterrence?
It is in fact criminal gangs that are exploiting vulnerable people and leading many of them to lose their lives as they make these dangerous crossings.
Conservative Members think that that is wrong, and we want to do something about it, which is why we need to get a deterrent up and running, and be able to send people to Rwanda.
It is the hon.
Gentleman’s party that opposes that, so the question for Labour Members is why they remain on the side of the criminal people smugglers.
February marks Emotional Health, Boost Your Self Esteem and Children’s Mental Health Month.
In recent years, about 6,500 people have died in the UK each year due to suicide.
In 2021, I was nearly one of them.
Luckily my attempt failed, I was found by family members quickly, I received amazing care at St Helier and Springfield Hospitals, I did not do any permanent damage and I was well looked after by the NHS in the months that followed.
I want to say thank you to everyone who saved me and sorry to my family and loved ones, whom I put through such an awful ordeal.
In that moment, I felt alone and scared, like there was no way out, and that the world would be better off without me in it.
But I do not recognise that man any more.
I know that nothing is ever really worth that, that help really is out there—and I am pretty awesome. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
Does the Prime Minister agree that one death by suicide is one too many, and will he send a message from the Dispatch Box today that, whatever you are going through, you are not alone, help is out there and better days lie ahead?
I know the whole House will join me in commending my hon.
Friend for his bravery in sharing his story and I can absolutely assure him that we take this issue incredibly seriously.
The new suicide prevention strategy ensures that we will have the actions in place to reduce suicide over the next years, because we absolutely recognise the impact that it has on people and their families, and we should do everything we can to prevent that from happening.
May I take this opportunity to ask the Prime Minister if he will consider apologising to Brianna Ghey’s mother for his insensitive comment?
Turning to my question, the independent report into Teesworks released last Monday throws up more questions than it answers.
It is vital that we now have a National Audit Office investigation.
The report was scathing and said that there is insufficient transparency to offer evidence of value for money.
Should the Government not lead by example, and will the Prime Minister finally release details of his conversations surrounding Teesworks, as he was asked to do twice last year?
I think the hon.
Lady was talking about the report on Teesworks, as far as I can see.
What that report noted was that the pace and scope of the regeneration had had a wide-reaching positive impact on the local economy—and of course it was an independent external report.
It makes it clear that there is no evidence of corruption or illegality and the Government will of course respond to the recommendations in the report as soon as possible.
I give my heartfelt thanks to the Prime Minster for his support for our Melton, Harborough and Stamford villages following the recent devastating flooding.