That is why, through the Health and Care Act 2022, we have made it simpler to add fluoride to more of our water supply.
As a first step, this year we will launch a consultation on expanding water fluoridation across the north-east—an expansion that would give 1.6 million more people access to water that strengthens their teeth, preventing tooth decay and tackling inequality.
This is our Government’s plan to recover and reform dental care: dental training places up by 40%; 2.5 million more appointments; dental vans treating more patients; more dentists in remote areas; more dentists taking on NHS patients; better support for families and better care for children; patient access up and inequity coming down.
It will make life simpler for staff, and treatment faster and fairer for patients and staff.
We have taken the difficult decisions, and we have now delivered a long-term plan to make dental care faster, simpler, and fairer for people across the country.
We are going to get on with the job and put our plan into action, and I commend this statement to the House.
I wholeheartedly associate myself and my party with the Secretary of State’s remarks on sending our best wishes to His Majesty the King.
Having gone through a cancer diagnosis myself, I particularly send best wishes to his family, for whom a diagnosis is often more difficult than for the person receiving it.
Also in the generous spirit in which we have begun, may I thank the Health and Social Care Secretary for accidentally e-mailing me her entire plan yesterday?
That goes above and beyond the courtesy that we normally expect.
I look forward to receiving her party’s election manifesto any day now—but of course we will have to write ours first to give her party some inspiration.
After 14 years of Conservative Government, NHS dentistry is in decay.
Eight in 10 dentists are not taking on new patients, and in the south-west of England the figure is 99%.
One in 10 people has been forced to  attempt DIY dentistry—Dickensian conditions!—because they cannot see an NHS dentist, and they cannot afford to go private. [
Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Baker, I am sorry, but I don’t want any more heckling from you; you did a little bit earlier.
I wanted everybody to listen to the Secretary of State, and I expect them to do the same for the shadow Secretary of State.
Don’t worry, Mr Speaker: I will come back to the Parliamentary Private Secretary shortly.
Tooth decay is the No.1 reason for children aged six to 10 being admitted to hospital.
Unbelievably, there have been reports of Ukrainian refugees booking dentist appointments back home and returning for treatment, because it is easier to fly to a war-torn country than it is to see an NHS dentist in England.
Well, at least one Government policy is getting flights off the ground—and it is certainly not the Government’s Rwanda scheme failure.
Let us look at the human consequences of this Conservative tragedy.
Labour’s candidate in Great Yarmouth, Keir Cozens, told me about Jeanette, a young woman in her 30s who has struggled with gum and mouth problems all her life.
She used to be able to get treatment; now she cannot find an NHS dentist in all of Norfolk to take her.
She cannot afford to go private.
It hurts to smile, it hurts to laugh, and the pain is so great that Jeanette does not go out anymore.
Just this week, she resorted to trying to remove her tooth herself.
That is not right for anyone of any age, but Jeanette should be in the prime of her life.
Will the Secretary of State apologise to Jeanette and the millions like her for what the Conservatives have done to NHS dentistry?