Friend the Secretary of State provide me with advice on what more I can do to get my integrated care board to get on with the commissioning at Firthmoor community centre, which lost its dentistry practice 10 months ago?
In looking to expand the number of dental training places, I urge the Secretary of State to look at Teesside University, which has ambitions to build on its existing dental technology provision and train the Tees Valley dentists of tomorrow.
Thanks to the work of my hon.
Friend and others, Tees Valley is a powerhouse of growth industries, as exemplified by the Chancellor in his Budget and autumn statements recently.
I will take away my hon.
Friend’s words of advice about his university.
On the point about encouraging ICBs to take part in this work, as this plan is a joint document with NHS England, the expectation will be on ICBs to deliver the plan, because they exist to look after our constituents.
This plan is one of the ways we will be able to secure that help.
In Bedford and Kempston, like many areas in the country, we have a dental crisis.
I have raised the matter of dentistry previously, including in a Westminster Hall debate.
There can be no question but that under this Conservative Government there is a dentistry crisis and the people of this country have been failed.
Why does the Health Secretary refuse to admit that 14 years of neglect and underspending have led us to this?
Says the script.
I assume the hon.
Gentleman will welcome the 2.5 million more appointments that this dental recovery plan will deliver for all our country.
I thank my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for this brilliant statement, and thank all the team for their huge amount of hard work.
Today is dentist day—yesterday was dentist day for me, as I had an appointment with the Minister and an appointment with a real dentist from South Derbyshire.
This news is absolutely superb.
Will the Secretary of State get dentists to move to South Derbyshire, and ensure more free NHS dentistry there?
I have no doubt that with my hon.
Friend’s characteristic joy and as an irresistible force of nature, she herself will be an advert for dentists to come to work in her constituency.
A constituent recently told me that when she tried to register members of her family with an NHS dentist, she was told that there was an eight-year wait.
We know that workforce is a really big issue.
On that basis, will the Secretary of State meet me and a cross-party group of Members of Parliament to talk about how we  could develop a dental school at the site of the excellent Hull York Medical School to grow our own dentists for the future?
The right hon.
Lady will know that part of the focus of the long-term workforce plan is to train people where they are most needed.
I will happily arrange for her to meet the relevant Minister.
On registration, the current system is not like a GP practice where, once a family is registered, they can only go to that GP.
The whole reason that we have been encouraging dentists to update their details on the NHS website is so that people can move around to visit different dentists to get the treatment they need.
Today’s plan will help turbocharge those efforts.