The best way to make our debt sustainable is to invest to get growth growing, and to get expected inflation down by investing in clean energy.
Does the Minister agree that our plans to invest in growth and in lower-price, cleaner energy is exactly the way to make our debt sustainable?
My hon.
Friend knows very well that this Government’s approach has been about stability, investment and reform: the stability we have brought following the chaos of the years under the Conservative  party, as has been recognised by the British people and by the markets; the investment we have been unlocking, from our global investment summit all the way through to the work we have been doing in the Budget and since; and the reforms we are bringing forward—for example, planning reform—to make sure we can deliver infrastructure better in this country and unlock the investment that private capital has wanted to put forward in the UK for many years, but could not because of the chaos from the Conservatives when they were last in government.
I call the Father of the House.
On  6 November , the Chancellor said:
“We have now set the envelope for spending for this Parliament, and we are not going to be coming back with more tax increases or, indeed, with more borrowing.”
I am sure, because the Chancellor is an honourable lady, that she will not be opening that envelope, putting her sticky fingers inside and coming out with more borrowing or tax increases.
Will the Minister give an absolute assurance of no more tax increases or borrowing?
I can absolutely assure the Father of the House that we are working through this spending review on the basis of the envelope set at the Budget.
Public services will have to operate within the means that we are providing to them.
The OBR forecast will come in March, which will give us the latest set of information, and we will work to that with Departments.
This is why we have set up organisations such as the Office for Value for Money, why we have set tough productivity and efficiency targets for Departments and why we are investing in, for example, technology to improve the productivity of the public services we provide.
Public services must live within their means, as set out in the Budget, and that is an absolute guarantee from this Government.
I thank the Chief Secretary for his response.
I have just sat through Transport questions, or some of them, during which I repeatedly heard calls for more spending from Conservative Members, but they oppose every single tax rise to pay for that spending.
Does the Chief Secretary agree that one of the lessons from global developments in recent days is that we must pay for day-to-day public spending through tax rises, however tough that is?
I very much agree with my hon.
Friend.
We have to pay day-to-day bills with the income we generate day to day.
The lesson that we learned from the Opposition was about what they were happy to do, but this Government are not.
They were happy to announce plans and programmes to make promises to the British people, even though they knew they did not have the money to pay for it.
That will never happen under this Labour Government.
When the Chancellor set the envelope for spending for this Parliament, and said to the Treasury Committee on  6 November  that she would not come back for more tax increases or more borrowing, that was based on her assumptions about the cost of borrowing.
Those are manifestly in significant doubt, to look at it in the most charitable way.
I have sat  in the Chief Secretary’s position, and I know he will want to equivocate and push decisions to the next OBR assessment and the next fiscal event, but the truth is surely this: this Government have to cut spending, increase taxes or borrow more.