Will he stand by the Chancellor’s comment that she will not come back with more tax increases?
I am sorry to disappoint the right hon.
Member, but I will answer the question none the less.
She asked me whether I stand by the Chancellor’s statements, and the answer is yes.
I want us to get serious for a minute here. [
Interruption.]
Many of my constituents in North East Derbyshire, who will have just heard the guffawing from the Opposition, have been really struggling with the cost of living crisis.
They voted the Government in, and we are committed to restoring the foundations of our economy.
Will the Minister assure me that we are doing everything we can to deliver on that promise?
It is absolutely right that the Labour Government are bringing fiscal and economic stability back to this country, because we know that when you play fast and loose with the nation’s finances, you play fast and loose with family finances.
That is what voters in every constituency experienced when the Conservatives were last in government.
They will not experience that under this Labour Government.
We are looking at higher interest rates, lower growth and a higher cost of borrowing to the Government; as my hon.
and right hon.
Friends have said, we are grateful to  the Chief Secretary to the Treasury for being so honest with the House.
It is clear that if he sticks to his word, there will not be any more borrowing, or any more tax rises.
Given the numbers, that leaves only one option: cuts in public services.
I wonder whether his colleagues behind him on the Government Benches realise that reality.
What word other than “austerity” will he use to describe it?
As I have said, it seems that the Conservative party is proud of its record on austerity.
We do not support austerity, which was blind ideological cuts to public services—3% cuts—irrespective of the outcome for the people who rely on public services.
The Chancellor increased investment in public services at the Budget in the autumn, and we will continue to increase investment in them, because we need to get them back on their feet, and they are an important foundation for economic growth.
I am pleased that the right hon.
Gentleman recognises my statements, and says that they are honest, because of course they are.
I look forward to coming back to the House in future months and years to show him the progress that the Government are making.
It is a relief for me and my constituents in Doncaster Central that we finally have a Labour Government providing economic stability and investing in the industry of the future. [
Interruption.]
It is all right for Conservative Members to chunter, but after the mess they made, a period of silence on their part is warranted.
Will my right hon.
Friend lay out the action that he will take to ensure that all regions of the country, including places like Doncaster and South Yorkshire, benefit from growth?
My hon.
Friend is right to point out that the Government are in the service of working people.
What does that mean?
It means that people’s lives—the money they have in their pocket, and the ability to pay the bills, get a roof over their head and seek opportunity—are at the very heart of what it means to be in the Labour party and in this Labour Government.
Conservative Members might not have suffered from higher mortgage bills or worried about the cost of living during their supermarket shop each month, but people across the country did, and they suffered as a consequence of the Conservatives’ behaviour.
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s comment that they should have a period of silence while they learn the lessons.
I think that I heard the Chief Secretary say that the Chancellor has not gone to China.
Will he confirm first that she is still planning to go?