My Department is developing our road safety strategy, and will set out further details in due course.
I join others in welcoming the Secretary of State to her place.
Bikeability is the world’s largest road safety programme.
Recent data from the Bikeability Trust showed that in areas with higher levels of training for children, the number of people killed or seriously injured on the roads decreased.
Does the Minister agree that Bikeability training is an essential life skill that everyone should have access to, and will she commit to joining me on a visit to a local Oxfordshire school to see the scheme in action?
A total of 1.6 million people have participated in Active Travel England’s training programmes, including a record half a million children receiving cycle training last year.
I am a keen cyclist and, having been knocked off my bike in the last couple of years, I understand how important it is to feel confident about cycling safely.
I would be happy to join the hon.
Member to see some of that work in action.
I warmly welcome my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State to her place.
A couple of years ago, some children in my constituency started a campaign about a really dangerous stretch of road where cars speed and there is no pedestrian crossing.
Tragically, a few months ago, one of those children lost her grandmother to a car crash on that very stretch of road.
This is devastating for families and communities.
What steps are the Government taking to make our roads safer?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that case.
Every single death on our roads is tragic, which is precisely why we will bring forward further measures with the new road safety strategy—the first in more than a decade—which will consider how to prevent such appalling tragedies, including in her constituency.
As police and crime commissioner for Lancashire, I invested significant amounts of money in increasing the resources available to target drink and drug drivers, which is a key plank in improving road safety.
It has become easier for police to target drug drivers over recent years, in particular through the advancement of technology, but while arrest rates have improved, charge rates are still lagging behind; it takes months for drug drivers, compared with weeks for drink drivers.
D.tec International is a Fylde company that provides all 43 police forces with DrugWipe kits.
It would like to use technology that is used in other European countries to improve charge rates through the use of roadside saliva testing.
Will the Minister meet me and D.tec International to look at how this technology could improve the speed with which we can get drug drivers banned and off our roads?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to raise concerns about the impact of drug driving.
Those affected by an impairment drug were involved in 13% of fatalities last year.
Just before Christmas, I went out with Jo Shiner, one of the leading police officers responsible for roads policing, and saw the work that is happening and heard about prosecutions, which the hon.
Gentleman has raised.
I would be very happy to meet him to discuss the matter further.
St Helens Road in my constituency has regrettably become the site of numerous serious car crashes, and local residents have raised their grave concerns with me about both speeding and dangerous driving.
How is the Minister working with local leaders in particular to drive improvements to road safety?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the concerns of his constituents.
Local authorities have a vital role to play; they are responsible for introducing road safety measures appropriate to their areas.
Of course, the Department is responsible for legislation and the guidance to help them to do so.
I continue to engage with local authorities to ensure we are providing them with the support they need to make our roads safer.