The last Government panicked and mothballed much of the project because of cost overruns on phase 1, thus incurring yet further costs.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s commitment to get a grip on the  phase 1 cost overruns, but do the Government plan to deliver a rail solution linking phase 1, north of Birmingham, to the rest of the country, thus delivering the Government’s vision to drive growth for the whole country?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her election as Chair of the Transport Committee.
She will be formidable and I look forward to working with her.
I am pleased that my hon.
Friend raises the question of the mess we inherited from the Conservative Government on HS2 and rail connectivity in the north.
When we entered Government in July, we found a rag-bag collection of half- baked, unfunded spending commitments for rail schemes up and down the country.
The previous Government drew up their Network North plans on the back of a napkin.
As part of the spending review, we have started the hard work of identifying a realistic pipeline of schemes that is affordable and will deliver better connectivity in partnership with local leaders.
I call the spokesperson for the Liberal Democrat party.
I welcome the Secretary of State to her new position.
My party knows her well from her hard work on London’s transport network.
We look forward to continuing the constructive relationship we had with her then and with her predecessor in this House.
May I take this opportunity to express my sadness at the passing of my Liberal Democrat transport colleague, Baroness Jenny Randerson?
Jenny was a force of nature, intelligent, kind, hard-working and principled, with a mischievous wit and love of life.
I learned a huge amount from her in the few months we worked together, and will miss her deeply.
Improving transport links to Wales was an issue close to Baroness Randerson’s heart, and one she regularly pressed in the other House.
Will the Secretary of State review the Tories’ decision to class HS2 as an England and Wales project, thus depriving Wales of billions of pounds of Barnett formula funding, and will she commit to a high-speed rail link from Birmingham to Crewe to ensure that mid and north Wales can at least share the benefits of HS2?
May I extend my condolences and those of the Government to the family of Baroness Randerson?
I know she was a deeply loved and highly respected colleague to many.
On the hon.
Gentleman’s substantive question, I have already met Ken Skates, the Welsh Minister for Transport, and I am working closely with the Secretary of State for Wales to ensure that we bring public transport improvements to Wales, which I hope will be Baroness Randerson’s lasting legacy.
What steps she is taking to improve accessibility at Pokesdown railway station.
South Western Railway has been working closely with Network Rail and the local authority  to provide a viable scheme that will result in the installation of new lifts at the station.
To establish the likely cost of the scheme and assess affordability, detailed design works are under way and are expected to be finalised in 2025.
I thank the Minister for that very helpful answer.
The people of Pokesdown are certainly very keen for their lift, which they have been waiting a long time for.
Back in the 1980s and 1990s, train services between Bournemouth and London Waterloo took the historically fastest time of 90 minutes.
Will the Minister meet me and South Western Railway to discuss whether we can restore that fast time, as well as to discuss Pokesdown?
There are no current plans to introduce an express service between Bournemouth and London, but I will keep my hon.
Friend updated on the future plans regarding South Western Railway, which will become the first operator to be taken back into public ownership in May.