Will the Secretary of State meet me so that we can bang heads together and get this resolved once and for all?
I will certainly ask the Rail Minister to take that meeting.
Pavement parking is a massive issue in many of our towns and cities, particularly for people faced with sight loss and for parents trying to push buggies.
All of us here benefit from the pavement parking ban in London, but given that it is over four years since the consultation closed, is it time to give towns and cities across England the power to enforce a pavement parking ban if they so wish?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this problem.
We will publish a formal response to the consultation, which the previous Government shamefully failed to act on.
We will announce next steps for pavement parking policy in England in due course.
Upgrading Ely junction would deliver more passenger services to King’s Lynn in my constituency, boost freight and   unlock benefits of £5 for every £1 invested.
Will the Secretary of State confirm whether that is a priority in the Department’s bid for the spending review?
We are working on a whole range of schemes in respect of the spending review, and I will provide the hon.
Gentleman with more information as soon as I have it.
Last year, Derbyshire was judged to be the worst county in the country for potholes, so one would think that the county council would welcome the record £76 million investment into our roads.
Can the Minister assure me that that money will make a real difference to our roads and pave the way for a better Britain?
Undoubtedly.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer if she will make a statement on the growing pressure of borrowing costs on the public finances.
Where is she?
I am always grateful to see Conservative Members welcome me to the House.
Financial markets are always evolving, as the shadow Chancellor knows, so there is a long-standing convention that the Government do not comment on specific financial market movements, and I will not break that convention today.
Financial market movements, including changes in Government bond or gilt yields, which represent the Government’s borrowing costs, are determined by a wide range of international and domestic factors.
It is normal for the price and yields of gilts to vary when there are wider movements in global financial markets, including in response to economic data.
In recent months, moves in financial markets have been largely driven by data and global geopolitical events, which is to be expected as markets adjust to new information.
UK gilt markets continue to function in an orderly way.
Underlying demand for the UK’s debt remains strong, with a generally well-diversified investor base.
The Debt Management Office’s gilt sales operations continue to see strong demand.
The latest auction, held yesterday, received three times as many bids as the amount on offer.
The Chancellor has commissioned from the Office for Budget Responsibility an updated economic and fiscal forecast for  26 March  incorporating the latest data.
Only the OBR’s forecast can accurately predict the effect on the public finances of any changes in financial markets or the economy, and I will not pre-empt that forecast.
There should be no doubt of the Government’s commitment to economic stability and sound public finances.
That is why meeting the fiscal rules is non-negotiable.
May I end by saying that I am pleased that the shadow Chancellor is holding this Government to account on our stewardship of the economy?
It is important that he does so.
He will remember when his party crashed the economy with unfunded tax cuts, unrealistic public spending plans and a clear disregard for the consequences on family finances.
Families across the country are still paying the price for the Conservatives’ disastrous performance on the economy through higher mortgages and bills.