We all know that fiscal rules and certainty are vital for the markets and the good stewardship of the public finances, so will the Chief Secretary to the Treasury explain what process he will be going through as he conducts the spending review, and what notice he will give to Departments about extra cuts that they may have to make in order to meet the fiscal rules?
In addition, when the Chancellor comes in front of the House for the OBR forecast in March, will she be making a fiscal statement at that point?
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee for her question.
As the House knows, we have started the second phase of the spending review, to set public  sector budgets from 2026-27 onwards.
The Chancellor confirmed in a written ministerial statement before the House rose for Christmas that there will be a forecast from the OBR and a statement on  26 March .
As I said in my response, that will be the next time the OBR will give a view about the UK economy and the levels of funding for public services.
Between the OBR forecast in March and the conclusion of the spending review in June, the House will be updated in the normal way.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I recognise that the Chancellor has a very difficult job.
She inherited an economy on its knees, following the Conservatives’ mismanagement of the economy, from their terrible trade deal—[Interruption.]
That extends from their terrible trade deal with Europe, which is holding back businesses in Wokingham, to soaring inflation, stagnant growth and the Liz Truss mini-Budget, which hit so many mortgage holders across the country.
However, the Government seem to be repeating some of the same mistakes.
Last night, the Treasury issued a statement saying that
“meeting the fiscal rules is non-negotiable”.
Will the Chief Secretary reassure this House that protecting the NHS and care is also non-negotiable, and will he rule out any cuts to those services as the Government try to balance the books?
Will he work to repair our ties with Europe and cut trade-related red tape, especially in the face of Donald Trump and his oligarch allies such as Elon Musk?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
He will note from the Prime Minister’s plan for change that the NHS is the subject of one of this Government’s key commitments, with commitments to get the elective waiting list down and to invest in the national health service so that we can do so.
He will have heard that from the Chancellor at the Budget in the autumn, and he will see that it is a continued commitment from this Government.
We can do that because of our commitment to the fiscal rules and because of our investment to grow the economy, which is the only route to long-term, sustainable public financing.
The hon.
Member was very rudely groaned at by Conservative Members, but when it comes to their performance on the economy, it is not they who should be groaning, but the British people who should be groaning at them for what they did to their family finances.
US bond rates are rising as well as those in the UK, with higher than expected inflation and interest rates.
I note that Conservative Members have not mentioned that; perhaps they have not looked.
The best way to make our debt sustainable is to invest to get growth growing, and to get expected inflation down by investing in clean energy.
Does the Minister agree that our plans to invest in growth and in lower-price, cleaner energy is exactly the way to make our debt sustainable?
My hon.