If so, does that mean that the public should expect cuts to public service spending if the OBR judges that her fiscal headroom has evaporated?
There are media reports that the Chancellor will make an emergency intervention to soothe markets, but with no confirmation that such a statement will occur in this House.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman confirm that any such statement will be made first to Members in this House?
Rates on Government bonds ultimately feed through to the broader credit market, so what estimates has the Treasury made of how recent market movements will impact mortgage costs and lending across the economy?
I will make one final point, Mr Speaker.
Every pound that we spend on debt interest is money that we cannot spend on the public’s priorities.
The Government’s decision to let rip on borrowing means that their own tax rises will end up being swallowed up by higher borrowing costs, at no benefit to the British people.
Far from this Government laying the foundations for a stronger economy, the Chancellor is squandering the endeavours of millions of hard-working people up and down our country, who are now having to pay the price for yet another socialist Government taxing and spending their way into trouble.
Does the right hon.
Gentleman not now accept that it is time to change course?
I am pleased that the right hon.
Gentleman enjoyed my performance—I have not even had my first cup of coffee yet this morning.
Let me answer some of his questions. [
Interruption.]
Conservative Members might like to listen, if the questions are so important to them.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked me about the fiscal rules.
As I said in my statement, those rules are non-negotiable.
As the Chancellor set out at the Budget, we have two fiscal rules: first, that day-to-day spending should be met by tax receipts, and secondly, that debt should be falling as a share of the economy.
The right hon.
Gentleman talked about the debt burden that this country has.
Maybe we should reflect a little on why we have so much debt—[Interruption.]
From pre-pandemic, Mr Speaker.
Let us look at the burden of debt inherited by this Government from the Conservatives.
From 2010 onwards, why did the last Government have to borrow so much money every single month, not just to invest but to pay the day-to-day bills?
Because of an absolute failure to get growth into the economy.
They could not make the numbers add up.
They stacked up the country’s credit card and left it to the Labour party to deal with, and we are going to deal with it.
That is why those fiscal rules are non-negotiable, and it is why public spending will be within the numbers set out at the Budget.
We are starting the spending review now, and it will conclude in June.
Public services will have to live within their means—the Chancellor has been very clear about that.
That is why with this Government, you get economic stability and absolute clarity on public spending.
That is why the British people trust this party and booted that lot out of office.
I call the Chair of the Treasury Committee.
We all know that fiscal rules and certainty are vital for the markets and the good stewardship of the public finances, so will the Chief Secretary to the Treasury explain what process he will be going through as he conducts the spending review, and what notice he will give to Departments about extra cuts that they may have to make in order to meet the fiscal rules?
In addition, when the Chancellor comes in front of the House for the OBR forecast in March, will she be making a fiscal statement at that point?
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee for her question.