I ask the Secretary of State, what is her Minister hiding and when will the report be released?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I can assure him that the report will be released in due course.
On the subject of buses, can the Secretary of State set out the steps her Department is taking to allow local communities to take back control through their elected representatives, so that NHS trusts, local authorities and private providers increase the frequency and improve the practicality of bus services to and between local hospitals?
Does she agree that this will help elderly and vulnerable people and those without cars to better access the NHS, minimising stress and financial difficulties?
We know how important local bus services are to communities.
Our reforms of the bus sector, combined with £1 billion of investment, will ensure that local leaders have the necessary tools to ensure that bus services truly reflect the needs of passengers.
Over the past few weeks, I have seen at first hand how businesses on WhatsApp groups are using bots to buy up driving tests and then sell them at £250 or more.
That is even after the Government’s changes that came into force on Monday this week.
What further steps can the Secretary of State take to stop that practice?
The hon.
Member is right to raise concerns about these appalling practices that are being used to rip off learner drivers.
To help with this, we announced a call for evidence on the current rules and processes, and we will be working hard to eliminate the bots and make sure that learner drivers get a proper deal.
Under the previous Government, bus services in rural areas were decimated.
The number of bus journeys in the Derbyshire Dales declined by 55% between 2010 and 2023.
What steps is the Minister taking to stop further cuts to bus services in rural areas like the Derbyshire Dales.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
A total of £1 billion was announced in the Budget for bus services, which will be available to his local transport authority to invest in areas, including rural areas, to ensure that bus services are accessible, regular and affordable.
A Thame to Haddenham cycleway would transform how residents of Thame get to the local railway station.
However, active travel funding from central Government is essential to get such schemes off the ground.
Will the Secretary of State commit to increasing the active travel budget beyond what has been announced to truly revolutionise rural cycling?
The hon.
Member will be aware that close to £100 million was announced in the recent Budget.
We will work closely with Active Travel England to ensure that that money is put to good effect across the country.
The nationalisation of ScotRail has been another SNP transport fiasco.
The Scottish Government’s flagship £25 million scheme to boost the amount of freight transported by rail failed to achieve growth.
Their mismanagement of ScotRail and their own budget has led to a double-whammy price hike for passengers, with the return of peak fares at the same time as price rises.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, at a time when we need better trains to boost growth and reduce emissions, the SNP has instead consigned Scotland to a spiral of decline and let my constituents down?
I agree.
We will not make the same mistakes when we take train operating companies into public ownership.
We will do it properly.
It is a massive undertaking, but we will make our railways a system for the whole country to be proud of.
Since Brexit and the reinstatement of duty-free shopping, UK travellers have spent nearly 50% more on their duty-free shopping, all in the EU.
Not a penny has supported jobs or investment in Scottish airports, or those in the wider UK.