I have been clear that local transport authorities should use the money in a way that provides excellent value for money for the taxpayer, and the situation that the hon.
Member described does concern me.
We have waited a long time for this level of investment to come forward, and I am keen to see local authorities such as his cracking on with the job and making sure that motorists—all road users, for that matter—have safe, smooth roads that they can travel on.
The roads in Wokingham, like everywhere else in the country, have deteriorated in the last few years.
We need to stop potholes, not just fix them, and that means regularly resurfacing roads.
The unfunded backlog of resurfacing left by the Conservatives in Wokingham is about £16 million and getting bigger; nationally, it is £14 billion.
When will the Minister’s Department deliver proper funding for Wokingham’s roads?
I disagree slightly with the hon.
Gentleman, because I think a £500 million uplift is proper funding—it represents, on average, a 40% increase, and it takes the overall amount of funding up to £1.8 billion.
However, I do agree with his substantive point.
Some of this money should be used for proactive preventative road resurfacing, because in some cases that will provide the best value for money for the taxpayer.
Hundreds of local authority roads across the country include half-joint bridges built in the 1960s and 1970s that are now dangerously unsafe.
They include the Brigsteer Road and Underbarrow Road bridges leading out of Kendal, which have been closed for the last six months, causing great inconvenience to the local community.
They were built with Government funding 50 or 60 years ago, but local councils are unable to replace them with the funds available to them now.
Will the Secretary of State meet representatives of Westmorland and Furness council as a matter of urgency, so that the bridges can be reopened and our communities can be reconnected quickly?
I will ask my colleague the Minister for the Future of Roads to have that meeting with the council.
However, the additional money that we have provided, and the individual allocations that were announced before Christmas, can be used not just for road maintenance, but for bridges and pavements.
I call the shadow Minister.
I, too, welcome the Secretary of State to her post, and look forward to helping her to do an excellent job.
As we can see following the last few days of flooding, changing weather patterns are damaging our roads and increasing potholes.
The last Government allocated an additional £8 billion for road improvements, paid for by the cancellation of the northern leg of HS2, yet all we have seen from Labour is a commitment of £1.8 billion for this financial year.
Will the Secretary of State commit to matching the additional £8 billion for road maintenance?
We are more than matching the commitments made by the previous Government.
Let me say gently to the hon.
Gentleman that his commitment in respect of resurfacing roads falls into exactly the same category as the promise to provide 40 new hospitals, and a range of other commitments that proved not to be worth the paper they were written on.
They were fantasy figures, unlike the Labour party’s promise to deliver change.
An additional £500 million is coming into our highways maintenance budgets, so that people across the country can see that change delivered to their local areas.
I do not know about you, Mr Speaker, but I am not sure whether that was a commitment to match the £8 billion, or whether the Secretary of State considered it to be a fantasy commitment.
However, it is not just the £8 billion investment that seems to have gone missing.