When the Chancellor set the envelope for spending for this Parliament, and said to the Treasury Committee on  6 November  that she would not come back for more tax increases or more borrowing, that was based on her assumptions about the cost of borrowing.
Those are manifestly in significant doubt, to look at it in the most charitable way.
I have sat  in the Chief Secretary’s position, and I know he will want to equivocate and push decisions to the next OBR assessment and the next fiscal event, but the truth is surely this: this Government have to cut spending, increase taxes or borrow more.
If the cost of borrowing is increasing, that moment will come sooner.
Which of those choices is he inclined to make, and when will he tell the British people honestly what this Government have done?
I have been clear to the House, as has the Chancellor, that the fiscal rules are non-negotiable.
Public services will have to live within their means.
We set the Budget in the autumn last year, and we have the OBR forecasts coming in March.
Those are the numbers that Departments are working to in the spending review, and those are the numbers that we will hold public services to when we conclude the spending review in June.
We thought we knew the dire economic situation when the general election was called, but on entering government, we found the real consequences of the previous Tory Government’s addiction to unfunded spending announcements.
The people of Newcastle upon Tyne Central and West are paying the consequences for the Truss-Kwarteng economic crash.
With the imminent entry into the White House of a President also committed to significant unfunded tax cuts, the economic stability of the UK becomes even more important.
Will my right hon.
Friend confirm that this Government are absolutely committed to fiscal responsibility and rising living standards, and that the plan for growth will deliver both?
I thank the Chair of the Science, Innovation and Technology Committee for her question.
She will know that our first commitment in the Labour party manifesto at the last election was to fiscal responsibility.
It is the bedrock of this Government and the bedrock of every decision we take.
As the Prime Minister set out in his plan for change, the reason people will know the difference that a Labour Government make is that they will have more money in their pockets by the end of this Parliament than when it started.
In yesterday’s extraordinary emergency statement from the Treasury to try to calm the markets, it paid tribute to the fact that the Government inherited the second-lowest debt in the G7.
Is the reason the Government Front Bench is so empty today and the Chancellor has fled to China that she has realised that her Budget means she now is the arsonist?
I must say I am rather surprised by the inflammatory language of the former Chair of the Treasury Committee, which is clearly no reflection of reality.
The Chancellor is going on her trip to China.
It has been well documented for many weeks, and it is an important visit for trade and investment in the UK economy.
May I say that there was no emergency statement or emergency intervention?
Those are make-believe words being propagated by Opposition Members.
The Treasury responded to requests from journalists about headroom, as we might do in the normal way.
There is no need for any emergency intervention, and there has not been one.
One would think, from listening to Opposition Members, that they had not crashed our economy and presided over high taxes, high debts and falling living standards, which affect my constituents and, I expect, some of theirs, too. [
Interruption.]
That is the Tory cycle.
Will the Minister confirm that the route out of that is growth, and that remains our No.
1 mission?
My hon.
Friend is right.