It is a massive undertaking, but we will make our railways a system for the whole country to be proud of.
Since Brexit and the reinstatement of duty-free shopping, UK travellers have spent nearly 50% more on their duty-free shopping, all in the EU.
Not a penny has supported jobs or investment in Scottish airports, or those in the wider UK.
Does the Minister agree that a way to repatriate those sales and support the travel sector to invest in jobs at international gateways would be introducing arrival duty free, and will he work with the Treasury and the travel sector to achieve that?
Changes made during the pandemic crippled airport duty-free shopping.
I will get the hon.
Member a more detailed letter on the matter.
York’s advanced digital and advanced rail cluster can really boost our economy with the innovations that it is bringing, as well as providing 5,500 jobs in York.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can bring it into her strategy for developing the rail industry?
I will.
I know that my hon.
Friend represents the proud railway city of York, as I represent the proud railway town of Swindon.
I look forward to having that meeting with her.
The Skipton East Lancashire Rail Action Partnership campaign group has long been advocating, as have I, for a new rail link between Skipton and Colne, because it will bring huge benefits to the likes of Keighley, for both freight and passengers.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss this long ongoing campaign that I have been advocating for?
I would be happy to.
In South Shields, not only is our public transport expensive, we have to suffer constant metro delays, tunnel closures and replacement bus breakdowns.
This Christmas, our roads were completely cut off.
Will my right hon.
Friend please meet me to discuss these long-standing ongoing issues?
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
I have already met a number of Members of Parliament in the Gateshead area about some of the recent problems with the flyover, and met the Mayor for the region.
When HS2 was cancelled, the last Government set aside £1 billion for Teesside to protect our iconic transporter bridge, deliver a new train station for Teesside Park, upgrade the train station at Thornaby, and much more.
We are six months in now.
Can the Secretary of State tell me whether we will get the money, or is the Labour party pulling the plug on investment in Teesside?
We are six months in.
The Conservative party had 14 years.
Those promises are worth nothing without a plan to deliver.
In Hastings, Rye and the villages, we have some of the worst potholes in the country, so I welcome the record £21 million awarded to east Sussex to fill potholes.
Will the Secretary of State join me in calling on Conservative-run East Sussex county council to fill the potholes, and ensure that Hastings and Rye gets its fair share of that funding?
My hon.
Friend is a doughty campaigner for her local area, and I fully endorse her efforts to get money to fix the broken roads in her constituency.
In Hale and Badshot Lea, in the northernmost parts of my constituency, many residents can only get into Farnham town centre using the bus service.
There is concern, given the increased amount of building, and future building under the new Government’s plans, that bus services will not be adequate.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the plans for north Farnham, and Badshot Lea and Hale?
Buses are of course the most commonly used mode of public transport in Britain, and the lifeblood of our communities.
I will be more than happy to meet the hon.
Member.