It may be in the form of more rolling stock to end the bizarre practice of running half-length trains out of Paddington at peak times.
And it may be in the form of an investigation into how we can reduce the ridiculous turnaround times at Gloucester station that delay Cheltenham passengers so much.
I hope the Minister will confirm that all these things are being looked into for passengers in my constituency and the Secretary of State’s constituency.
The Rail Minister has met MPs from both sides of the House to discuss this issue and has attended an industry programme board to ensure that passenger interests are considered and that disruption is minimised for passengers, both during and after construction.
2025 is an exciting year for Derby, partly because of the progress on Great British Railways, which will be headquartered in Derby, and rightly so.
Can we also make this the year  that the British public fall in love again with rail travel, by giving GBR a strict timetable to simplify complicated ticketing and fares and to implement digital pay-as-you-go, as well as automatic compensation?
Order.
I am not sure that fits the original question.
We have probably strayed too far.
What steps she is taking to increase railway capacity.
Transport is central to this Government’s plans for rebuilding Britain and growing our economy.
We are committed to investing in the rail capacity needed to support that growth.
This means improving performance and timetables to make the best use of the capacity we have, but it also means investing in new and improved infrastructure, such as High Speed 2, the trans-Pennine route upgrade and East West Rail.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answer and welcome her to her place.
Ely Junction is a major bottleneck in our rail network and the Ely area capacity enhancement scheme is designed to improve that.
If the scheme goes ahead, it could deliver over a quarter of a million extra rail passenger journeys and take 98,000 lorry journeys off the road every year.
It will also help the midlands and the north grow their economies, because it will improve freight transport to and from ports, the midlands and the north.
To add to all those benefits, the business case stacks up: every pound invested will deliver nearly £5 of benefits.
Will the Minister—
Order.
The question is far too long— I think the hon.
Lady needs to secure an Adjournment debate on the subject.
The Secretary of State can grasp the sense of the question.
I understand how passionately the hon.
Lady feels about the scheme, and the Under-Secretary of State for Transport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wakefield and Rothwell (Simon Lightwood)  responded to her written parliamentary question on the subject at the end of November.
Projects like this one, in areas like hers, have the potential to contribute to the Government’s plans to deliver economic growth.
She will know that the spending review is coming up, so a decision on the scheme and any potential timetable will be subject to the outcome of that review.
I call the Chair of the Transport Committee.
I welcome the Secretary of State to her place and I look forward to working with her.
The original vision for HS2 was to link London with the midlands and the north, and to address the growing capacity challenge on the west coast main line with a whole new rail line.
The last Government panicked and mothballed much of the project because of cost overruns on phase 1, thus incurring yet further costs.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s commitment to get a grip on the  phase 1 cost overruns, but do the Government plan to deliver a rail solution linking phase 1, north of Birmingham, to the rest of the country, thus delivering the Government’s vision to drive growth for the whole country?
I congratulate my hon.