Does the Chief Secretary agree that there is an irony in the Conservatives raising concerns about the cost of borrowing, when they oversaw debt rising from 64.7% of GDP to more than 96% of GDP and left a £22 billion unfunded black hole in public finances—and now continue to oppose the tough decisions that we are making on tax and spend to fix their mess?
That is exactly why our fiscal rules are non-negotiable.
While the Conservatives borrowed to pay the bills every month because they did not have enough money to pay for all their promises, this Government are investing in the future of our country, whether through reforming public services or investing in infrastructure and opportunities for growth.
That is exactly the right approach to the economy; it is what our fiscal rules demand, and what we will be held to.
Next has said that it will increase prices by 1%, directly because of the increases to national insurance contributions, and has warned of slowing growth.
With business confidence plummeting, gilts at a 26-year high and growth stagnating, do the Government still maintain that they have an iron grip on public finances, or will they admit that their Budget has done exactly what the Conservatives warned: increase costs, increase prices and reduce growth?
The question was whether the Government have an iron grip on public finances; the answer is yes.
Meur ras ha myttin da, Mr Speaker.
Does the Chief Secretary agree that the only way that we can wrest the economy out of the clutches of the Conservatives’ doom loop is to go for growth?
The Government’s new industrial strategy will be a core foundation underpinning that growth.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Our industrial strategy, through which we will invest alongside businesses and industries of the future, and our infrastructure strategy, which sets out how we will get Britain building again, are two examples of the Government playing their part by bringing economic and political stability.
By, for example, reforming the planning system, we will unlock billions of pounds of private sector investment in UK plc—something that did not happen under the previous Government.
I completely sympathise with the Chief Secretary about the incredible brass neck of the official Opposition.
He talks about kick-starting growth, but can he give us any evidence that growth has been kick-started?
Does he not realise that the only way to kick-start growth in the near future is to re-engage with Europe?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that this Government’s approach to stimulating growth in the economy is about stability, investment and reform—the political and economic stability the Chancellor has brought to this country; the investment from private sector partners, as well as from the state, where appropriate; and the reform of policy areas such as the planning system, or the financial services reform that the Chancellor set out in her Mansion House speech.
He is also right, of course, that we need to improve our trading relationship with countries around the world, which is why the Chancellor is going to China today, and why we have begun negotiations with our friends in the European Union on how we can improve our relationship on a whole host of issues, including trade, energy, defence and security.
Does the Chief Secretary agree that the Conservatives, having added gutter politics to their fantasy economics and unfunded spending commitments, can no longer call themselves the party of decency in public life, and of sound money?
Yes.
It is deeply disappointing that the Chancellor is not here to answer questions in the House on such an important topic, so I shall have to ask my question to the Chief Secretary to the Treasury instead.
It is quite a simple one.
Will he stand by the Chancellor’s comment that she will not come back with more tax increases?
I am sorry to disappoint the right hon.
Member, but I will answer the question none the less.