At the end of this Labour Government, pointing towards the next general election, as set out in the Prime Minister’s plan for change, they will have more money in their pocket, public services will be functioning again, and they will be proud once again of their Government, and of the British economy.
Having listened very carefully to the right hon.
Gentleman’s responses, I believe that he is making a more significant statement than many of his colleagues might realise.
By underlining that there will not be any tax or borrowing increases, he is, in effect, saying that austerity is back, because there is no way that the public finances can be remedied by another Budget of wishful thinking that pretends that increased borrowing and spending will produce growth.
That is once again being proved by a Labour Government to be a false way of leading the economy.
I am always grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for thinking that I am making such substantive interventions, and for his continued support in that respect.
This is not austerity, as he will know full well.
Austerity was ideological cuts to public financing and the size of the state.
It was 3% cuts, irrespective of what that meant for public services or for people across the country.
That is far from what the Chancellor unveiled in her autumn Budget.
That was the absolute opposite of austerity; we increased financing for frontline public services, and will continue to do so.
Will the Chief Secretary outline the steps that this Government have already taken to fix the fiscal foundations and put this country on a stronger footing for growth?
My hon.
Friend asks an important question.
Why did we have to take that action?
Why was this Government’s first Bill about fiscal responsibility?
It was because of the mess that Conservative Members left this country in.
That is why we have given the Office for Budget Responsibility stronger, independent powers of oversight in statute—something that the shadow Chancellor presumably welcomed, given his comments criticising Liz Truss and her Budget when he was Chair of the Treasury Committee.
We brought that change forward, which the Conservative party failed to do.
That is why we have set fiscal rules that are non-negotiable, why public services must live within their means, and why the Government’s absolute focus is on securing growth, investment, reform and long-term sustainability for public finances.
Is the Chief Secretary aware that the last two months’ GDP figures, for September and October, are both down?
Is he aware that sterling is falling—in fact, almost collapsing?
Confidence is falling and investors are fleeing.
The only things going up are inflation, wasteful public spending and the cost of debt.
Be under no illusion: we are heading towards a financial crisis.
Will he ask the Chancellor to return from her ridiculous trip to China, to reverse course, and to cut daft spending and wasteful regulations, so that we can create some growth?
I think the question was whether I was going to demand that the Chancellor come back from her trade trip to China.
I will not, no.
Does the Chief Secretary agree that there is an irony in the Conservatives raising concerns about the cost of borrowing, when they oversaw debt rising from 64.7% of GDP to more than 96% of GDP and left a £22 billion unfunded black hole in public finances—and now continue to oppose the tough decisions that we are making on tax and spend to fix their mess?
That is exactly why our fiscal rules are non-negotiable.
While the Conservatives borrowed to pay the bills every month because they did not have enough money to pay for all their promises, this Government are investing in the future of our country, whether through reforming public services or investing in infrastructure and opportunities for growth.