Local authorities have a vital role to play; they are responsible for introducing road safety measures appropriate to their areas.
Of course, the Department is responsible for legislation and the guidance to help them to do so.
I continue to engage with local authorities to ensure we are providing them with the support they need to make our roads safer.
What steps her Department is taking to help maintain roads.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the condition of local roads.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the condition of local roads.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the condition of local roads.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the condition of local roads.
The Government are determined to help local authorities in England to tackle the highways maintenance backlog that is the result of a decade of under-investment by the previous Government.
We are making an immediate start by providing an extra £500 million next year—an increase of nearly 50% compared with the current financial year.
The A1 is a vital road link for the Scottish Borders and Scotland to the rest of the United Kingdom, and Labour’s decision to scrap much-needed improvements will harm the local economy and stop businesses investing in jobs.
The local Labour MP,  the hon.
Member for North Northumberland (David Smith) , has said he was “disappointed and frustrated” by the decision of his Labour colleagues.
What do the Labour Government have against car drivers and truck users on roads in rural Scotland?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that we have nothing against car drivers and truck users.
We appreciate the long-standing local desire for dualling the A1 from Morpeth to Ellingham, but I am sorry to say that in the assessment we carried out post the general election, it represented poor value for money.
There have been several delays to the development  consent order decision and the contractors were decommissioned more than two years ago.
In that time, scheme costs have risen significantly, making the scheme even less affordable and further worsening the value for money.
Having said that, I recognise that there are safety issues on the existing route, which we will need to look at carefully, as we would with any other part of the network.
However, that alone does not warrant the dualling scheme.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State to her place.
Potholes represent a serious issue in Basingstoke, with many constituents telling me of damaged vehicles and even physical injuries.
The AA, which is based in Basingstoke, highlights inconsistent standards across the country, with some potholes left unaddressed for longer than others.
The Pothole Partnership urges UK-wide standards and permanent repairs over temporary fixes.
I welcome the Government’s additional investment to tackle this issue, but will the Secretary of State consider ensuring that councils adopt common standards so that communities such as Basingstoke no longer face dangerous, crumbling roads?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the damage that potholes can cause for all road users.
We have committed record money to fixing this issue and to enabling councils to get on with this work.
All local authorities should have their own standards of road maintenance service and inspection in line with local needs and priorities.
However, I do want to update the Department’s guidance to local authorities on how best to look after their highways networks and ensure best practice is followed, and so that there are common minimum standards so that all road users know what they can expect.
I also welcome my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State to her place.
Many of my constituents in Wolverhampton West complain not only about the number of potholes in our roads but about the standard of repairs, with some potholes reappearing shortly after they have been repaired.