It is important that he does so.
He will remember when his party crashed the economy with unfunded tax cuts, unrealistic public spending plans and a clear disregard for the consequences on family finances.
Families across the country are still paying the price for the Conservatives’ disastrous performance on the economy through higher mortgages and bills.
If there was one clear reason why the Conservative party suffered such an historic defeat at the last general election, it was their performance on the economy.
That is presumably why the shadow Chancellor himself admitted in December that the lack of trust in the Conservative party’s management of the economy has left a “deep and painful scar” in the pockets of every person across Britain.
Let me tell the House what has changed.
In our first six months, this Labour Government have exposed the £22 billion black hole in the public finances.
Not only have we exposed it, but we have dealt with it: the  Chancellor’s autumn Budget protects working people, wipes the slate clean of the mess the Conservative party left the country in, and invests in our NHS and schools.
We have given the independent Office for Budget Responsibility enhanced powers of oversight, in law, so that we never again get into the situation where that lot left the country: a £22 billion black hole in the public finances.
We have set tough new fiscal rules that are non-negotiable, with a budget settlement for public services that they must all live within.
We have kick-started growth in this country—this Government’s No.
1 mission —by unlocking investment and bringing forward reforms, such as those to planning and in the Mansion House speech.
May I say to the shadow Chancellor that that work stands in stark contrast to the negligent and shameful horror of a circus performance that the Conservative party in government unleashed on this country only a few years ago?
Until he can come to the House with an apology for the British people, I will not take any lectures from the Conservative party about how to run the economy.
I call the shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer.
The performance we have just seen was a slightly anxious and breathless one, which leads me to the question: where is the Chancellor?
It is a bitter regret that at this difficult time and given these serious issues, she herself is nowhere to be seen.
In the last 48 hours, borrowing costs have reached a 27-year high, and it is the Chancellor’s decisions that have led us here.
Before the election, the right hon.
Lady promised that Labour would get debt falling, would not fiddle the figures, would not raise taxes and would grow the economy, but the economy is now flatlining.
Survey after survey is showing that business confidence has simply evaporated, and at the Budget, the Chancellor hiked up taxes, increased borrowing by an average of £32 billion a year across the forecast, and conveniently adjusted her fiscal rules to allow her to do so.
Higher debt and lower growth are understandably now causing real concerns among the public, among businesses and in the markets, and despite what the Chief Secretary has said about international factors, the premium on our borrowing costs compared with German bonds recently hit its highest level since 1990.
With those rising costs, regrettably, the Government may now be on course to breach their fiscal rules.
The Chancellor has committed to no further tax rises, so does the right hon.
Gentleman stand by her commitment not to increase taxes even further?
If so, does that mean that the public should expect cuts to public service spending if the OBR judges that her fiscal headroom has evaporated?
There are media reports that the Chancellor will make an emergency intervention to soothe markets, but with no confirmation that such a statement will occur in this House.
Will the right hon.