They are now reluctant to go on holiday if it means flying.
Will the Secretary of State meet them and set up consultations with disabled passengers up and down the country, so that our public transport can meet their needs in every region?
Will she require local authorities taking over bus services to consult disabled passengers and set minimum standards for delivery?
We want a transport system for everyone, in which accessibility is designed as standard across the network so that we can make it easier for people to get on and off services, and build a safe and more secure network, particularly for women and girls.
It is the Government’s ambition for disabled people to have equal access to transport, recognising the needs of people with visible and less visible conditions, and I would be more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
Leuchars train station in my constituency serves St Andrews and is well used by residents, students and tourists, but its wheelchair access is completely unacceptable.
It feels as though we fall through the gaps between the Scottish Government and the UK Government on Access for All.
Can the Minister confirm whether the Access for All review is looking at ensuring that those in the devolved nations do not miss out?
I can assure the hon.
Lady that I will raise this issue with the Rail Minister.
I am quite confident that he has had these discussions with the devolved Governments.
What steps she is taking to support the use and production of sustainable aviation fuels.
The SAF mandate, which is one of the first pioneering policies of its kind, came into force on  1 January 2025  to build domestic demand for SAF.
We are also growing UK supply through the advanced fuels fund, and we are committed to introducing a revenue certainty mechanism in the King’s Speech to encourage investment in UK SAF production.
I thank the Minister for his response.
This UK Government are indeed working at pace to position the UK as a global leader in the rapidly growing SAF industry, which is vital for decarbonising aviation and our aviation industries, and for growing our economy.
Will he commit in the forthcoming sustainable aviation fuel Bill to bringing forward the timeline for the revenue certainty mechanism to the end of this year or perhaps early 2026?
Accelerating that measure, which has wide support, will give investors the confidence they need to back the 10 potential SAF facilities across the UK, including in Grangemouth, which is near my constituency.
I thank my hon.
Friend, who has been a huge campaigner for Grangemouth.
We have committed to bringing forward the revenue certainty mechanism.
We have already legislated for a 2% fuel mix in the SAF mandate, which came into force on  1 January  this year, and we look forward to the Bill coming before the House when parliamentary time allows.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
I know that he has a deep interest in Northern Ireland, so may I ask a similar question?
Northern Ireland wants to provide the necessary aviation fuels and has the ability to do so.
What progress has he made in his discussions with the Northern Ireland Assembly to ensure that we can be part of the future of this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, which is always better together?
The hon.
Member is a doughty champion of air travel and SAF in Northern Ireland.
Through the advanced fuels fund, we have 13 projects and we are currently investing well over £100 million across the UK to see what comes forward in the market, and I hope that Northern Ireland will be integral to that process.
I call the shadow Minister.
May I, too, wish the Minister a very happy birthday?