1 mission?
My hon.
Friend is right.
May I offer some probably unwelcome advice to Opposition Members?
The sooner they stop groaning and stop laughing about their performance when they were last in government, and the sooner they apologise for it, the sooner the British people might start listening to them again.
Public services are at breaking point after the previous Government’s mishandling of the economy and budgets locally.
However, does the Minister recognise that scaling back investment in vital public services risks even more devastating consequences for our local communities?
At the autumn Budget, the Chancellor invested in frontline public services, because we recognise that people rely on them, but also because functioning public services are an important route to growth in the economy.
If people are sick and cannot get to work, they need to be able to see a doctor in a timely fashion, so that they can get back to work.
That is the priority of this Government, as well as investing in modernising our public services, so that they are fit for the future.
My constituents suffered real hardship as a result of the disastrous mini-Budget pursued by the Conservative party.
Does the Chief Secretary to the Treasury agree that in order to improve living standards for my constituents, we must stick to our fiscal rules, maintain fiscal discipline and invest in our public services?
I very much agree.
That is why fiscal stability and economic responsibility are at the heart of this Labour Government and the Chancellor’s agenda.
Members on the Opposition Benches may want to pay attention to that.
There is no point beating around the bush: the Chancellor has just lost over £9.9 billion of headroom, and stands on the cusp of breaking her own fiscal rules.
She said last year that she would not come back for more tax rises.
Will the Chief Secretary be honest and admit, just as the former Bank of England rate setter Martin Weale said today, that this leaves only the option of more austerity?
Will he level with people about when and where the next round of cuts will fall?
As I said, the fiscal rules are non-negotiable.
The only reliable sources on future financing will be the OBR forecast on  26 March , the conclusion of the spending review in June, and the Budget, which the Chancellor will present in the autumn.
The hon.
Gentleman mentioned austerity, but I remind him that this Labour Government have given the Scottish Parliament the largest real-terms increase in funding since devolution.
He should be grateful for that.
This Labour Government have been in power for six months, and we are having to deal with 14 years of Conservative chaos.
Does the Chief Secretary agree that the Government’s plan for change, which aims to provide a stable economy and raise living standards in every part of the United Kingdom, and has economic growth as the No.
1 mission, is the right approach to ensure that the United Kingdom can weather the global uncertainty that we face?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Let me set out the difference that the British people will experience.
At the end of 14 years of Conservative Government, they had higher mortgages, higher bills, a higher cost of living and public services on their knees.
At the end of this Labour Government, pointing towards the next general election, as set out in the Prime Minister’s plan for change, they will have more money in their pocket, public services will be functioning again, and they will be proud once again of their Government, and of the British economy.
Having listened very carefully to the right hon.
Gentleman’s responses, I believe that he is making a more significant statement than many of his colleagues might realise.