Buses are of course the most commonly used mode of public transport in Britain, and the lifeblood of our communities.
I will be more than happy to meet the hon.
Member.
While welcoming rail renationalisation, may I ask what can be done to expedite investment in crucial rail infrastructure developments, such as the Haughley junction in my constituency, taking traffic off the A14 and possibly facilitating Bury St Edmunds to London trains?
Was the previous Prime Minister’s promise to redeploy funds from the cancelled HS2 realistic?
We spend about £2 billion a year on rail enhancement projects.
We will be looking carefully through the spending review at all proposals that get freight off the roads and increase the availability of passenger services.
I am delighted to see that you are proudly wearing the newly formed Royal Army Medical Service tie, Mr Speaker.
In Solihull West and Shirley, the new year has been welcomed by increases in bus fares and reductions in services.
In places such as Cheswick Green, people are faced with choosing between either more expensive and difficult journeys or not being able to get to work, the shops or college.
Given the Government’s stated ambitions, what assessment has the Minister made of the economic impact of the policy?
Conservative Members had no plans or funding put aside to continue with the bus fare cap beyond 2024.
We have secured £151 million to ensure that buses remain affordable for many.
In some areas, without that intervention fares could have risen by as much as 80%.
I welcome the Secretary of State to her place.
In my first public meeting after my election, residents in Knebworth called for more fast train services.
We got some, but there has been poor reliability.
Will she meet me to discuss those issues?
Yes, I think I will have a busy diary coming up.
We have an anomalous situation in Spelthorne whereby someone can get six London red buses on an Oyster card, but they cannot get the train out to the stations at the end of the line.
Major employers, such as BP and Shepperton Studios, are sending buses up the line to bring down those people who cannot use an Oyster card.
As the Secretary of State will own South Western Railway and is brilliant with Transport for London, could she please get Spelthorne into the Oyster zone?
We are exploring how we can extend pay-as-you-go to other stations in the south-east.
I must admit that my mental map is not good enough to identify every station yet, but we share that ambition to make it easier for people to use the railways across the south-east region.
This weekend, grassroots campaigners in Newquay will meet to oppose the privatisation of car park charge enforcement in Newquay and Cornwall more widely.
Will the Secretary of State and colleagues in the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government meet me to discuss how councils can retain more of that profit locally, instead of sending it up-country to often unscrupulous and usurious operators?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising the concern, and I would be happy to meet him to discuss the issues further.
The residents of Wareham, just along from Bournemouth, have been trying to get electronic gates for 20 years.
Network Rail’s latest excuse is that it is for the Office of Rail and Road, and the Office of Rail and Road says that it is for Network Rail.
Will the Secretary of State meet me so that we can bang heads together and get this resolved once and for all?
I will certainly ask the Rail Minister to take that meeting.
Pavement parking is a massive issue in many of our towns and cities, particularly for people faced with sight loss and for parents trying to push buggies.