I gently remind her that in her own local authority of Nottingham City Council, Robin Hood Energy, which was chaired by a politician—the public probably want fewer, not more, of us—managed to cost taxpayers a staggering £38 million.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the number of oil and gas licences issued by her Department on the level of carbon emissions from imported liquefied natural gas.
North Sea Transition Authority analysis shows that producing natural gas domestically is almost four times cleaner than importing liquefied natural gas from abroad.
Without continued licensing, our dependence on imported oil and gas, including LNG, will only increase more quickly in the future.
I have always been a fan of us fully exploiting our natural resources.
We have got to take a pragmatic route to cutting our carbon emissions, but at the forefront of our thinking must also be driving down energy costs, boosting energy security and not doing anything that enfeebles our country on the global stage.
Does the Minister agree that this is the right approach in terms of energy costs and that not importing as much liquefied natural gas will also make our carbon footprint smaller?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend’s analysis.
Utilising our own domestic resources is just common sense when the alternative is to import more fuels from abroad.
It would be an act of self-sabotage to put restrictions on our own domestic sector, damaging jobs and investment only to liquefy and ship gas from halfway around the world and create more emissions in the process.
I welcome the Minister to his post, but he will know that most of our gas imports are not LNG and that they actually come via a pipeline from Norway, where gas production is half as polluting as it is in the UK.
New oil and gas would not only be disastrous for our climate; it would also fail to boost energy security.
Following the welcome announcement that the UK will finally withdraw from the energy charter treaty, will the Government also reverse their decision to license the Rosebank oil field, which will cost the climate and the public purse extremely dear?
I thank the hon.
Member for her kind comments.
While we scale up our clean energy success, including in renewables, which have gone from 7% to 40%, there is still a need for oil and gas.
A failure to issue a new licence would make no difference to the consumption of oil and gas, but it would increase imports, which typically have higher emissions, and also damage our economy.
Whether she plans to support offshore energy grids.
Offshore transmission is central to the Government’s balanced approach to delivering an electricity network fit for net zero.
The Minister will be aware of the Norwich to Tilbury pylon proposals, which will put 50-metre pylons through swathes of the Norfolk, Suffolk and Essex countryside.
He will also be aware that the recent electricity system operator review indicated that it will soon be cost-neutral to have an offshore option for that same energy transition, and that multiple points for connecting offshore wind turbines to the grid are facing planning problems.
Will he do what he can to engage with National Grid and get it to do the right thing and look at a cost-neutral option of offshore transmission, rather than the current onshore proposal?
My hon.
Friend has a long-standing record of making powerful suggestions on behalf of his constituents and neighbouring constituencies on this important issue.
The ESO’s recent study considered a total of a nine alternative options for transmission routes in East Anglia, including three predominantly offshore options and two hybrid onshore and offshore options.
It is important that we try to work with communities.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I would first like to pay tribute to my right hon.