None the less, it is a complex legal solution that requires sensible minds, and I am very proud that the Secretary of State is leading on that endeavour.
I call the Chair of the Transport Committee.
I am pleased that the Secretary of State and the Minister are taking charge of negotiations with Alstom, Hitachi and others.
I appreciate that as commercially sensitive discussions are ongoing, the Minister is constrained in what he can say, but they need to be resolved soon.
The wider issue is the peaks and troughs not just in rolling stock procurement, but in railway industry investment more generally.
How does the Minister believe Great British Railways and wider rail reform will help to smooth out the peaks and troughs in the longer term?
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee for his work.
The Committee as a whole has looked at this issue and really probed for solutions.
On the GBR point, it is also providing the body of pre-legislative scrutiny of rail reform, and I thank my hon.
Friend and his Committee for their work in that endeavour.
He is absolutely right that a more holistic approach to the railway, in which track and train are integrated, will help us to make further decisions into the future and give more certainty with regard to orders.
None the less, I have set out the orders that have been taken over the preceding years.
The order book is healthy and we will look to get the tenders out this year and next for the train operators that I have mentioned.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
My condolences to you and your family, Mr Speaker, on the loss of your father.
Clearly, the news coming out of Derby about the precarious nature of Alstom is grim, not just for the workers and the wider economy of Derby, but for everyone involved in the supply chain across the country, including 24,000 rail supply jobs in Scotland.
The fact is that this was predicted; we have all known about it for months.
These are skilled, well-paying jobs of the type that we are continually told the UK is in the market for.
Does the Minister accept that the stop-start procurement of new rolling stock is a direct result of the fragmented and disconnected railway system that has placed  financialisaton and the Treasury’s miserly attitude to investment above rail’s key role in a decarbonised 21st-century society?
Why are rolling stock leasing companies ruling the roost rather than straightforward procurement?
How is it possible that the island that invented the modern railway—the 200th anniversary of the Stockton and Darlington railway is next year—could have next to zero train production capacity within a matter of months?
We need a proper rail strategy and integration; when will that rail reform be put before the House?
Again, let us look at the facts.
Since 2012, 8,000 new rolling stock vehicles have been manufactured—that is out of a total fleet of 15,600, so it is a relatively young fleet.
Taking into account the fact that the fleet tends to last 35 to 40 years, and that it now has an average of 17 years’ service, I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will see that there has been a substantial investment in rolling stock from the Government—the UK taxpayer—and from private train operators.
The hon.
Gentleman asks when the legislation for rail reform will be brought forward.
I am very keen for that to happen, and it is on its journey right now.
The Transport Committee, of which he is a leading member, is providing the pre-legislative scrutiny.
I very much hope that the Committee will finish its work in time for the summer recess, giving us two months to respond, and that there will be cross-party support in both Houses for what is I believe is sensible legislation that will allow us to deliver rail reform.