The south-west is proud to be punching above its weight in green technology, and will soon welcome a £4 billion gigafactory at the Gravity site near Bridgwater which will create 4,000 new jobs and boost the green economy.
Investment in infrastructure around the country is needed if we are to see more developments of that kind, so what steps is the Department planning to facilitate such ventures?
It is fantastic to hear Liberal Democrats champion Conservative policies that are bringing investment and new jobs into the country—for that is what happens under a Conservative Government—and it is great that a gigafactory is planned for the south-west.
As a result of Giga and so many of the other projects and funds launched by the Department, we expect to see many more such developments, but of course there is work to be done: we can go further and faster, and, as I have said, where we can we will.
I look forward to working with the hon.
Lady in further championing the UK as the destination of choice for all who want to invest in these new technologies.
What recent estimate she has made of the cost of decarbonising the grid by (a) 2030 and (b) 2035.
What recent estimate she has made of the cost of decarbonising the grid by (a) 2030 and (b) 2035.
Our plans to decarbonise the grid by 2035 are ambitious but achievable, and have been assessed as realistic by the Climate Change Committee.
They will build on the UK’s achievement in becoming the first major economy to have halved emissions.
According to independent analysis, securing a net zero grid by 2030 would cost taxpayers £116 billion, and it would mean a “made in China” transition.
The Conservatives have a strong track record of promoting renewables, and this Government are supporting British companies and supply chains through programmes such as Giga with funding which now stands at more than £1 billion.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that Labour’s unaffordable and unrealistic plans to achieve a net zero grid by 2030 will not give British supply chains time to grow, as well as meaning the “made in China” transition to which she has referred?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend.
Only recently, we have seen European countries having to wean themselves off Russian oil and gas.
We cannot do that, only to become dependent on other parts of the world for our energy needs.
Our plan will give British supply chains time to develop, ensuring that British workers can reap the benefits of the energy transition.
According to expert analysis, the Labour plans will cost taxpayers £100 billion—all to undermine British manufacturing and risk blackouts.
As the Secretary of State is aware, the Environmental Audit Committee inquiry into decarbonising the economy has heard evidence that no newly commissioned nuclear capacity—even from small modular reactors—is able to come on stream until 2035.
New energy projects given planning consent today are unlikely to connect to the grid before 2030, and the scale of the necessary grid network roll-out to reach our 2035 target is already huge.
What does my right hon.
Friend make of the feasibility, let alone the cost that she has highlighted today, of the fantasy pipe dream of official Labour party policy to decarbonise by 2030?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his question.
The plans that we have set out represent the largest expansion of nuclear in 70 years, with radical reforms to the grid.
However, it does take time to build things.
Labour’s 2030 policy is mad, bad and downright dangerous.
I have yet to meet a serious expert or a single person in the industry who believes it is possible.
We have a record to be proud of, becoming the first major economy to halve our emissions, but Labour’s plans would heap costs on to taxpayers, in stark contrast to our pragmatic and proportionate approach.