The right hon.
Lady is the Energy Secretary; she should be delivering that compensation to people, and she is failing across the board.
The onshore wind ban remains; the offshore wind market crashes; the insulation schemes are a disaster, while she spends her time appeasing the flat-earth, anti-net zero brigade in her own party.
No wonder the former Energy Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart)  resigned.
Is it not the truth that the Secretary of State is failing in her job and the British people are paying the price?
The right hon.
Gentleman did not listen to my previous answer.
It was this Government who worked with Ofgem to make sure that forced prepayment meter installation stopped taking place for vulnerable households.
We have said very clearly that it is abhorrent, and we do not want to see it again.
On compensation, we are working with Ofgem.
However, if the right hon.
Gentleman talks about the wider energy plans—and we should do that—I think that he should consider the recent comments from industry that Labour’s plans would leave the country uninvestable, that they would hike the bills that people would pay, and that they would cost so much in needed taxes—over £100 billion of costs for Labour’s mad plans to decarbonise the grid by 2030, which, let me be clear, are not backed by industry, the unions or consumers.
We have seen the price of fuel go up at the pumps because of what has happened in Ukraine, but, in this country, we have also seen that there is great variety at different  petrol stations.
I am really pleased that the Competition and Markets Authority has looked into it and that the Government are coming forward with Pumpwatch.
We have seen something similar in Australia that saves up to £50 for the individual.
Can we make sure that, when this comes into play, the Government have an advertising campaign so that the public know that they will be able to see local prices, up to date every 30 minutes, for the best place to get their fuel?
We will publish the Government’s response to the recent Pumpwatch consultation as soon as possible, and we continue to work closely with the Competition and Markets Authority, and the sector technology companies, to launch Pumpwatch this year.
Of course, my hon.
Friend makes an incredibly important point that, when we launch this, we will of course make sure that everybody knows about this valuable resource.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
We learned last year that no fewer than 200 Department for Energy Security and Net Zero jobs were going to transfer from London to Aberdeen.
That was championed by no less than the Secretary of State for Scotland,  the right hon.
Member for Dumfries and Galloway (Mr Jack)  and the Minister responsible for nuclear and renewables,  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) .
It now transpires that only 35 jobs will transfer to Aberdeen.
For context, that is 0.37% of the DESNZ workforce.
Is the Secretary of State content for that derisory transfer of jobs from her Department to Aberdeen?
Presumably she will not be, so what is she going to do about it to give the north-east of Scotland a better deal?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this issue.
We are very proud—I am particularly proud—that we have announced Aberdeen as our second headquarters.
Hosting our second headquarters underlines the importance of the north-east of Scotland in our net zero transition.
Unlike the Scottish National party, we champion the north-east of Scotland.
They are anti-exploration, anti-new licences and anti-oil and gas.
The headquarters already has more than 100 staff, and our ambition is for more than 135 by March 2027.
I have been doing some research, though: it turns out that the Scottish Government—his party’s Government—have a grand total of zero jobs in his own constituency of Angus.