I certainly take that point from my good friend.
The hon.
Member has worked tirelessly for the rail workforce, and I know that he means everything he says with passion and conviction.
I have talked about the situation being a complex one from a legal perspective, and I would take him back to the contract award for HS2, which went to Alstom and Hitachi.
That was challenged in court by Siemens; the Department succeeded on every single point, but that just shows how careful we have to be from a legal perspective during the tendering process, because it will end up in litigation.
The worst thing would be to hand out contracts in a manner that is not legally fair and then find that they are being unpicked, which brings fresh uncertainty.
Instead, we are looking at the entire order book to see where we can bring matters forward in the pipeline—matters that Alstom may be working on already.
Where it is the fair and right thing to do, we are looking to see whether we can bring those contract orders forward in the pipeline.
The situation at Alstom is of great concern to a number of my constituents who work there.
However, probably even more of my constituents work in the supply chain, so will my hon.
Friend reassure me and my constituents that whatever the outcome of today’s discussions, that supply chain will not be forgotten?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We are talking not just about the jobs at the manufacturing plant in Derby, but about all the jobs throughout the supply chain.
I work really closely with the supply chain and its trade representatives—the Railway Industry Association and Railfuture—and I am keen to continue to do so.
Our work and our endeavour is to try to find a  solution, not just for the workforce in Derby working directly for Alstom, but for those who are temporarily employed at Alstom and for the entire supply chain.
That is why the Secretary of State is meeting Alstom right now, so that we can try to find a solution for them all.
The Government’s inaction in signing off new orders for trains is now threatening hundreds of jobs in County Durham and wiping millions of pounds off the value of rail manufacturing companies.
Inadequate supply to our rail infrastructure will have a big impact on decarbonising the UK transport system.
Is the Minister aware of that, and what are the Government doing in the long term to invest in our rail infrastructure?
Thanks to the UK taxpayer, the Government have invested over £100 billion in the railways, and a lot of that investment has gone through to rolling stock.
As I have mentioned, the rolling stock is now on average under 17 years old, with a life cycle that goes to 35 to 40 years.
I will give the hon.
Lady a good example of where the future is bright: in the area of innovation and technology.
Great Western has just completed a battery trial for a train that has covered 86 miles, with stops, on just one single charge.
My hope is that as well as new orders for trains, we will find new solutions for manufacturing rolling stock that is greener than it is right now.
My condolences to you, Mr Speaker.
Many of my constituents are involved in rail manufacturing, both at Hitachi and in the wider supply chain, and are genuinely concerned about the situation.
Can my hon.
Friend reassure me and my constituents that this situation is getting the full attention of the Secretary of State, and can he outline to the House why the issue is not as simple as the stroke of a pen, as alleged by the Labour party?
I can give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
He is absolutely right; this is a complex matter, and it is important that we get it right.