The only failure on renewable energy is the record Labour left when they were in power, when 7% of our electricity was generated from renewables whereas now that figure is 50%.
On ports, not only have we got our world-leading freeport agenda but we have put forward projects such as FLOWMIS—the floating offshore wind manufacturing investment scheme—which is also helping to build our port infrastructure.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
With 17 GW of floating offshore wind planned to be anchored within 100 nautical miles of Aberdeen, what steps will the Secretary of State take to ensure that technological and engineering knowledge and wherewithal and supply chain investment are also anchored within 100 miles of the north-east of Scotland?
We are doing an enormous amount of work on supply chains.
We have put forward our £1 billion green industries growth accelerator fund to support British supply chains, and we are also taking steps to attract investment into this country to build British business.
All of that will be positive for the Scottish offshore wind sector.
What estimate she has made of the number of households that were in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
What estimate she has made of the number of households that were in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
As previously stated, fuel poverty is devolved.
Statistics for England estimate that there were 3.17 million households in fuel poverty in 2023, over 1.5 million fewer than in 2010.
April’s new price cap will see 6 million households across the UK in fuel poverty and National Energy Action estimates this figure will include 8,800 households in North Tyneside alone.
The Government promised their household upgrading scheme would help 100,000 households but in nine months it has helped fewer than 5,000 and only 15 in my constituency.
Can the Minister account for the abysmal failure of the flagship policy?
I stand by the Government’s record of support on fuel poverty: we have helped with affordability and with insulation and energy efficiency.
We have given unprecedented support to 350,000 households, who were kept out of fuel poverty at the energy peak in 2022.
Electricity standing charges for people in the north-east are 71.2p per day while those in the south pay 40.79p per day.
Can the Minister explain why the people in the north-east, the area experiencing the highest levels of fuel poverty in the country, are paying 75% more than those in other regions simply for the privilege of being connected to the grid?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a reasonable point on standing charges, which is one reason why we have urged Ofgem to gather information on them.
We have had over 30,000 responses and will be looking at this in due course.
In the Office for National Statistics and House of Commons data, fuel poverty in England was 13.5% back in 1996.
It rose to 22% by 2010 and, as has already been mentioned, it fell back to 13% in 2023.
Does the Minister agree that that shows that Conservatives deliver energy policy with environmental and economic good sense and have done a lot better than the last Labour Government?
As I said, we are incredibly proud of our record on heading towards net zero and ensuring energy security so that never to have to go through the cost of living crisis that we have recently gone through.
If she will make an assessment of the ability of the National Grid to connect to large solar farms in (a) 2024 and  (b) 2029.
Network companies are expected to deliver connections by the date stipulated in customer connection agreements.
Reforms to accelerate the connection process and build times for transmission infrastructure will help to ensure that expectation is met.
May I welcome the Minister to his new responsibilities and urge him to focus on this particular issue?