I am sure the Secretary of State will agree that much of Britain’s energy needs could be met, and generated, offshore.
Alongside floating wind power, we also have the opportunity to take advantage of tidal and marine power.
Does she recognise that Britain has the second largest tidal range in the world after Canada, yet we use so little of it?
To put that right, will she agree to meet me, other colleagues in this House and the northern tidal power gateway to look at how we can gain green, renewable, secure British energy from Morecambe bay?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman.
I have been following tidal power for many years, and he is right to point out that the UK has both a strong record in renewables and an interesting geological landscape for new renewable technologies.
We have dedicated £105 million—our biggest ever budget—to the flow of emerging technologies through AR6, but I would be delighted to meet him to discuss his work further.
I thank the Secretary of State for her response.
There is always a competition.
As I represent Strangford, the fishing sector is very important to me.
It is important that we have floating offshore wind projects, but also to ensure that fishing can be sustainable.
In these discussions, can she confirm that the interests of the fishing industry and representation from the fishing industry are given appropriate weight, taking into consideration the need for sustainable fishing to continue?
Without fishing my people will lose jobs.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman.
We are passionate supporters of the fishing industry.
We continue to have conversations with the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs to ensure that we share our marine bed in an equitable way, not only getting the most out of it for our clean energy needs but protecting the fishing industry.
I call the shadow Minister.
I am sure the Secretary of State does not want a repeat on her watch of the failure of allocation round 5, when her Department managed to crash the offshore wind market.
However, the industry is already warning that the parameters set for floating wind in the next round, AR6, could mean that only one sub-gigawatt project succeeds in getting contract for difference support: way off the Government’s recently trumpeted target of 5 GW of floating offshore by 2030.
What steps is she taking to ensure that we do not see another failure and lose the global race for this emerging technology?
If people want to ensure that we win the global race for renewable technology, they should, frankly, vote Conservative.
Under the Conservatives, world-leading mechanisms have been introduced.
The only country that has built more offshore wind capacity than the UK is China.
We have an enormous and very successful track record, and continue to work with industry to ensure that AR6 will be a success.
I am not sure that answer gives much reassurance to industry or this House.
The truth is that uprating our port infrastructure is critical for deploying floating offshore wind and for reaching a zero carbon power system, but Government support is so inadequate that they are funding only two ports, dropping viable projects on the way, when, according to the floating offshore wind taskforce, to reach floating offshore wind ambitions we need infrastructure upgraded in at least 11 ports.
Is this not another example of the Government failing to invest for the future and failing to back British industry?
The only failure on renewable energy is the record Labour left when they were in power, when 7% of our electricity was generated from renewables whereas now that figure is 50%.
On ports, not only have we got our world-leading freeport agenda but we have put forward projects such as FLOWMIS—the floating offshore wind manufacturing investment scheme—which is also helping to build our port infrastructure.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.