I can give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
He is absolutely right; this is a complex matter, and it is important that we get it right.
We are working with Alstom, with the council, and with all other parties.
I should just correct the record: I am very happy to take up this issue with  the right hon.
Member for Derby South (Dame Margaret Beckett) , but my understanding is that she met the Secretary of State for an hour on  25 March , which she said she had not.
indicated assent.
That is correct—good.
I am glad I have got that on the record.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Darlington (Peter Gibson)  is absolutely right.
This matter is complex and challenging, but I can tell you, Mr Speaker, and the House that the Secretary of State is working at full pelt on this matter with Alstom.
I am hopeful that a solution will be found that will demonstrate all of that hard work.
Derby’s Litchurch Lane is unique—the only site in the UK that designs, develops, builds and tests trains.
As has already  been acknowledged, the Alstom factory is a very significant employer, but it also supports thousands of good supply-chain jobs, particularly in Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire.
Frankly, this Government will never be forgiven if that factory is allowed to close due to an entirely avoidable gap in orders.
The Minister says that this matter is complex, but my question is simple: when does the Department for Transport intend to issue the invitations to tender for the promised new train fleets for Chiltern, Northern and Southeastern?
The answer is over the course of this year and next year for all of the train manufacturers that the hon.
Lady has mentioned.
I well remember the visit that both she and I made to the Alstom site with the Transport Committee.
As she rightly says, it is a fantastic site, which is why we are working to find a solution.
I am certainly encouraged by the conversations that have taken place.
We know that everyone wants to find that solution—the Government certainly do—but the hon.
Lady will know from all her work on the Transport Committee that legal challenges have to be dealt with in the correct manner.
This matter is very sensitive, and it is market sensitive as well, so finding a way through which provides certainty and does not get unpicked is absolutely the right thing for us to do, and that is what we are doing right now.
The threat to the Alstom factory in Derby is of great concern to the employees in Amber Valley and those employed by the supply chain.
Their mood is not helped by the fact that this appears to be a problem not with the quality of the trains, or even with their price, but with compliance with procurement rules that we ourselves put in place only a year or so ago.
If it comes down to a choice between having all the i’s dotted and t’s crossed, or having that factory saved for the long term, can I urge the Minister to take a risk on the contract, sort that out later and save the factory, rather than prioritising the contract and risk losing the factory?
As my hon.
Friend has described, this is a careful balance.
I reiterate that if we were to award contracts outside of the usual process, other workforces would also be impacted, such as those in Newport, in Newton Aycliffe and in the Hull area.
We have to take into account the whole workforce, as well as fair process on the contract.
However, as he mentions, trains are being manufactured right now and rolling off the production line up in Derby—South Western trains and East Midlands trains—and they are good-quality trains.