The British Retail Consortium says that a better policy is needed on ID.
I agree.
I was surprised that the impact assessment says nothing about the impact of individuals needing to provide ID throughout their life, instead of just up to the age of adulthood.
The document, of course, does deal with the costs to retailers of checking ID, but it is silent on the burden of asking a particular group of adults to have to prove their date of birth  for life.
I am talking about those who are or look, and would continue to be or to look, just above the age stated in the Bill.
Healthy or unhealthy, right or wrong, they have every right to buy cigarettes and would remain in possession of that right, but they would have to prove it for life under the Bill.
When I took the Bill that became the Elections Act 2022 through the House, we were rightly questioned hard about the notion of asking adults to bring identification to polling stations.
We acknowledged up front that not everyone holds a driving licence or a passport, and ensured that other forms of ID were available, given the importance of people’s democratic rights.
This is a slightly different point and I am not making a direct comparison, but for the purposes of retail, free ID—for example, the CitizenCard—is already available.
However, it needs to be renewed every few years, and a new requirement in the Bill means that it would need to be used for life.
I think the Government should have more reassurances to give law-abiding people than silence.
I said that I strongly admired the aspiration of the Bill.
For the sake of all those who are entangled in a lethal addiction, I would like to see smoking stop in this country, so I am not standing here on ideological grounds.
I am making sensible points about whether the Bill is going to work.
We have had—rightly—a wide-ranging, reflective and constructive debate, but good intentions and heroic ambitions are not enough.
If we are to do something very novel and use the power of legislation to do it, we need to have confidence that the legislation is workable.
I hope that my fellow legislators will rise to the challenges that are presented by this idea, and will scrutinise it carefully.
I smoked until 30usb years ago and it was a very hard business to stop the evil weed.
I come from a completely different era and I am considered something of a dinosaur. [
Hon.
Members: “Never!”]
But I do still hope to be here in 2040.
I wish to God that vapes had been around when I was going through the process of stopping smoking.
Do we not need to be very careful that the Bill does not throw the baby out with the bathwater and stop helping people come off the evil weed?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who makes such a powerful point and speaks with such authority.
Similar points were made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sleaford and North Hykeham (Dr Johnson) , who as a paediatrician spoke with great expertise on this matter.
It is absolutely true: it is a false choice.
It is not a freedom of choice; it is a choice to become addicted and that then removes your choice.
Every year, more than 100,000 children aged between 11 and 15 light their first cigarette.
What they can look forward to is a life of addiction to nicotine, spending thousands of pounds a year, making perhaps 30 attempts to quit, with all the misery that involves, and then experiencing life-limiting, entirely preventable suffering.
Two thirds of them will die before their time.