Those in the tobacco industry are, of course, issuing dire warnings of unintended consequences from the raising of the age of sale.
They say that it will cause an explosion in the black market.
That is exactly what they said when the age of sale rose from 16 to 18, but the opposite happened: the number of illicit cigarettes consumed fell by a quarter, and at the same time smoking rates among 16 and 17-year-olds in England fell by almost a third.
Raising the age of sale is a tried and tested policy, and a policy that is supported not only by a majority of retailers—which, understandably, has been mentioned by a number of Members—but by more than 70% of the British public.
I have a short announcement to make regarding the implementation of recommendations made by the Procedure Committee in its report, “Correcting the record”, which the House agreed to on  24 October .
Hansard has now made the necessary changes to enable all Members to submit written corrections to the Official Report when they have made errors of fact in their contributions.
When such corrections are published, a footnote will appear in the print version of Hansard, with hyperlinks in the online version that will direct the reader to the original content.
The same will apply to corrections made via points of order and in written ministerial statements.
In accordance with the Committee’s recommendation, a central corrections page, listing all corrections in chronological order and updated weekly, will be published on Parliament’s website.
Further information can be found on ParliNet, or by consulting the Hansard managing editors.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps her Department is taking to support floating offshore wind projects in the Celtic sea.
What plans she has to support floating offshore wind farms.
Britain is a pioneer of floating offshore wind.
We are working with the Crown Estate to lease 4.5 GW of seabed capacity for floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea, and we are supporting emerging technologies with a separate funding pot in allocation round 6.
The White Cross project in the Celtic sea has a cable due to come ashore in my constituency, and it advises me that it is unable to agree compensation to businesses disrupted by these works due to a lack of Government guidance.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me—and, ideally, come to see where the project is due to make landfall—to find an alternative cable route, and if not, will she ensure that White Cross is in a position to fully compensate the businesses that will be hugely impacted if the planned cable route proceeds?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who is a doughty campaigner for floating offshore wind.
I am unable to comment on any specific concerns about a particular planning decision, but I am sure the relevant Minister will be happy to meet her to discuss how the Government can provide better guidance on compensation.
People whose land is acquired compulsorily should not be left worse off financially, and compensation should be offered in line with the statutory compensation code.
What assistance can be had for those fast-growing enterprises principally reliant on equity?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for a typically pithy question.
We are doing an enormous amount to support the landscape for investments in this country that rely on equity, whether that is through full capital expensing, or, in my area of responsibility, the green industries growth accelerator.
I am sure the Secretary of State will agree that much of Britain’s energy needs could be met, and generated, offshore.
Alongside floating wind power, we also have the opportunity to take advantage of tidal and marine power.
Does she recognise that Britain has the second largest tidal range in the world after Canada, yet we use so little of it?