It is important that we try to work with communities.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I would first like to pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart) , who served this Government for eight years, including as Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero since 2022.
He will be missed in the role for his expertise.
He attended his first COP in 2005 and was instrumental in our achievements at COP28 last year.
He helped the UK to halve its emissions, which is an extraordinary achievement.
We are the first major economy to do so.
He also worked with the Net Zero Council, protecting families through the global energy crisis and backing 200,000 British oil and gas workers.
He leaves a legacy of which he can be very proud.
I would also like to welcome the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Swindon (Justin Tomlinson) , a tireless campaigner who I know will continue this Government’s world-leading work.
Since I last updated the House, families are benefiting from a drop in the energy price cap worth almost £250 a year to the average household.
I have set out plans to reform tariffs, saving bill payers up to £900 a year, and invested £750 million in nuclear skills as part of my plans for the largest expansion of nuclear in 70 years.
The consultation on renewable liquid fuels from September is welcome, but the recent survey by the Future Ready Fuel campaign showed that 88% of respondents from off-grid households actively want the option of switching to a renewable liquid fuel.
Will my right hon.
Friend work with me to ensure that we can get consumers the choices that they actually want, and not the heat pumps that many do not?
I thank my hon.
Friend.
I know that he is a fantastic champion for people living off the gas grid.
We are supporting off-grid homes to transition to heat pumps or biomass boilers through the boiler upgrade scheme, with grants of up to £7,500.
Renewable fuels  such as hydrotreated vegetable oil have the potential to play an important role in heating off-grid buildings, and we will be issuing a consultation on that role by September, in line with commitments made by Ministers during the passage of the Energy Act 2023.
We now come to the shadow Secretary of State.
Mr Speaker, can I start by paying tribute to your father, Doug?
He was a remarkable fighter for social justice, and we share your sense of loss.
A year ago, after presiding over the absolute scandal of the forced installation of prepayment meters, the right hon.
Lady’s predecessor promised full compensation for anyone affected.
Unbelievably, she has left it to the energy companies to decide who gets compensation and how much.
They have assessed 150,000 people and just 1,500 got anything—99% got nothing.
Why has she so catastrophically failed to deliver justice for those affected by the PPM scandal?
The right hon.
Gentleman does actually raise an important issue.
We have gripped the question of prepayment meters since the scandal first emerged.
Not only have we made it clear that the horrors that we saw last winter, of people forcing prepayment meters on vulnerable households, should not take place, but I have been in contact with Ofgem in recent days about making sure that people can get the compensation they deserve at the speed with which they need it.
That is simply not good enough.
It is a year on.
The right hon.
Lady is the Energy Secretary; she should be delivering that compensation to people, and she is failing across the board.
The onshore wind ban remains; the offshore wind market crashes; the insulation schemes are a disaster, while she spends her time appeasing the flat-earth, anti-net zero brigade in her own party.