I would, of course, be delighted to visit my hon.
Friend in her constituency at any time.
Energy Security and Net Zero questions has once again proved to me how out of touch this place is with the rest of the country.
The poorest 40% of UK households will be made much worse off by net zero policies, according to a report from York University.
The poor in Ashfield will get poorer, and rich eco-fanatics like Dale Vince will get richer and pass on some of his millions to that lot in the Labour party and Just Stop Oil.
Can the Minister confirm how much net zero will cost, to the nearest trillion pounds?
I am very proud of what this Government have done to protect the poorest in society from rising bills, which are the result of international factors and a volatile gas market.
I make it absolutely clear that the only way that Dale Vince, the climate extremist, and his enablers will come anywhere close to having influence on energy policy is if a Labour Government are elected.
Frankly, that is the only thing that voting Reform will achieve.
At my constituency surgery on Friday, I met representatives of the Riddings Lane solar action group who are concerned about the proposals to build a new solar farm covering 145 football fields’ worth of land between the villages of Gleaston, Dendron, Leece and Newbiggin.
Does the Minister agree that solar farms are great but should not go on prime agricultural land?
As my hon.
Friend is aware, we have a presumption against building on the best and most versatile agricultural land.
Due to my quasi-judicial role in planning I cannot speak to the issue directly, but I am very happy to meet him and, indeed, any representatives from his constituency to discuss the project in question.
I have been contacted by a popular village pub that is struggling with its energy debt and astronomical energy bill.
Such pubs are at the heart of our local communities and they are closing at an alarming rate.
Will the Secretary of State consider measures to enable them to manage their historical debt by allowing them to pay it off more slowly, or supporting them in another way so that we can keep these important pubs open?
I could not agree more that these pubs are at the heart of our communities, which is one reason why I have regular meetings with UKHospitality to think about how we can look at bills, including things such as blend and extend.
On Ynys Môn, companies such as Mona Lifting in Llangefni, supported by the Green Digital Academy, which has been funded by £2.7 million from the community renewal fund, are working hard to use their businesses to help to deliver net zero with the installation of solar panels and charging points.
Does the Minister agree that it is thanks to the  UK Government that innovative, forward-thinking companies such as Mona Lifting are leading the way so we can deliver net zero?
My hon.
Friend once again champions her constituency, working with businesses so that in conjunction we can drive up our use of renewables.
It is thanks to this Government that we changed the planning rules to make it easier to set up large-scale solar installations.
I also welcome households playing their part, with 17,000 solar-panel installations a month last year.
I call Rupa Huq.
Thank you, and big hugs, Mr Speaker, for the loss of your father.
My constituent Joe Stean did the right thing and switched the family car to electric, but now the cost and lack of charging points have put him into fuel poverty.
What are the Government doing to encourage charging options for people who do not live in detached homes?
Is it true that the new Minister voted against the zero-emissions vehicle mandate?
It is an important point.