My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State regularly meets companies such as Octopus.
Through our green jobs delivery plan we are enticing more people into the jobs of the future, to help deliver our ambitious targets.
It is interesting to note that Labour’s plans would halve the number of apprenticeships for those jobs in the UK, should it ever get into power.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on trends in the number of onshore wind planning applications.
In 2023, 80 onshore wind planning applications were submitted in Great Britain—a 27% increase from 2022.
We have recently changed planning policy in England to pave the way for more onshore wind projects where there is local support.
It is now seven months since the Government claimed to have lifted the onshore wind ban.
The Secretary of State at the time claimed that her decision would speed up the delivery of projects.
Since then, no new applications for onshore wind farms for domestic use have been submitted.
Does the Minister think that that has been a success?
Unlike the Opposition, we like to work with and listen to communities around the country.
We believe in local consent for projects.
It should be up to local communities to decide whether and how much onshore wind they want in their area.
The Opposition do not like to talk about this, but we must remember that in 2010, a pitiful 7% of electricity came from renewables—that is up to 50% under this Government.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of solar farms on local communities.
As with any new development, solar projects may impact communities.
The planning system considers all perspectives when balancing local impacts with national need.
It is important that local areas benefit from hosting net zero infrastructure.
Many developers already offer community benefit packages.
If the Minister had wanted to see the impact that a massive solar farm, such as the so-called Lime Down carbuncle in my constituency, will have on local people, he should have come to Malmesbury town hall last week, where 750 people were protesting against this appalling plan in North Wiltshire.
It is going to be 2,000 acres of panels, 3 million panels, 5,000 acres blighted, and 30 miles to the nearest connection down at Melksham.
It is an absolutely disgraceful proposal.
It comes at a time when Wiltshire has eight out of 10 of the largest solar farms.
We already have enough, vastly exceeding our county target for solar production.
Will the Minister consider the cumulative effect of all these solar farms?
Will he ask the National Infrastructure Commission to take into account the cumulative effect of solar farms when considering such applications?
I very much thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
He raises a very interesting topic, and one that we are listening to.
The project he speaks to is at the pre-application stage.
An application is expected to be submitted to the Planning Inspectorate between January and March 2025.
Due to my quasi-judicial role in determining applications for development consent, it is not appropriate to comment on any specific matters.
I am aware that some of his constituents are coming to Parliament this Thursday and I will be happy to meet them to discuss their concerns.
What steps she is taking to support off-grid properties to decarbonise.
The Government offer grants of £7,500 to those wanting to install a heat pump, or £5,000 to install a biomass boiler, under the boiler upgrade scheme.
Support for energy efficiency upgrades and low-carbon heat is also available through our help to heat schemes.
Cornwall has a very large number of off-grid properties.
One way they can decarbonise their heating is through the use of renewable liquid heating fuel.
Last year, the Government said there would be a consultation on promoting and supporting the use of that fuel in the coming months.