Cornwall has a very large number of off-grid properties.
One way they can decarbonise their heating is through the use of renewable liquid heating fuel.
Last year, the Government said there would be a consultation on promoting and supporting the use of that fuel in the coming months.
However, in response to a recent written question it was suggested that it would not be launched until at least September this year.
Will the Government bring forward the consultation as soon as possible, so we can help people to decarbonise through the use of renewable fuels?
The Government recognise the potential for renewable liquid fuels to play a role in decarbonising heat where heat pumps are unsuitable, and we are working at pace to develop a consultation that will explore that role in more detail.
We will be issuing a consultation in September, in line with commitments made by Ministers during parliamentary debates on the Energy Act 2023.
I support the cause of  the hon.
Member for St Austell and Newquay (Steve Double) .
The transition to hydrotreated vegetable oil is far cheaper than heat pumps; we are talking about a conversion that be done in an hour for about £500.
I urge the Government to proceed on that with haste.
It is important to note that we are taking this matter incredibly seriously.
We are also providing funding to tackle fuel poverty and reduce carbon emissions through the energy company obligation, the home upgrade grant and the social housing decarbonisation fund.
What steps she is taking to increase nuclear energy capacity.
The historic nuclear road map that I announced in January reconfirmed the Government’s ambition to deploy up to 24 GW of nuclear power by 2050.
The road map sets out plans to make investment decisions concerning 3 GW to 7 GW every five years between 2030 and 2040.
Nuclear is essential not just for our economy but for our national security.
A truly sovereign supply does not just mean commissioning new reactors but increasing our skills base, so I welcome the £750 million invested in that.
What steps is the Department taking to ensure that people in communities such as Heywood and Middleton can access that skills funding, so they can take advantage of high-skilled, well-paid jobs in the sector?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
He is a doughty champion in this area—indeed, he should be with Atom Valley in his constituency.
As he references, last month the Prime Minister announced significant investment in developing the nuclear skills pipeline, helping the sector to fill 40,000 new jobs by the end of the decade, including supporting plans to double the number of nuclear apprentices and quadruple the number of specialist sites and nuclear fission PhDs.
What steps she is taking to help increase investment in green technologies.
What steps she is taking to help increase investment in green technologies.
The UK has already made tremendous progress in securing investment in green technologies.
Recent figures indicate that the UK saw £60 billion of investment in 2023, meaning that since 2010 the UK has seen £300 billion of public and private investment in low-carbon sectors.
As a Department, the ministerial team and I meet regularly with investors, such as through our second hydrogen investor forum event and regular roundtables to understand how we can better encourage investment.
It is true that the UK has a remarkable track record of winning investment in green technology, but given that other countries are now proceeding apace with their own green investment plans, does my hon.
Friend agree that if we can show that we have effective policies for speeding up planning consents for energy projects and expanding grid capacity at a far faster rate, and if we can fix our contracts for difference regime, we shall be able to demonstrate to investors once again that this is the very best place in which to invest in such technology?
My right hon.