Labour’s 2030 policy is mad, bad and downright dangerous.
I have yet to meet a serious expert or a single person in the industry who believes it is possible.
We have a record to be proud of, becoming the first major economy to halve our emissions, but Labour’s plans would heap costs on to taxpayers, in stark contrast to our pragmatic and proportionate approach.
If grid decarbon-isation by 2030 really did cost the billions of pounds that the Secretary of State claims, she might care to explain why her own policy is to achieve 95% of full decarbonisation by the very same date.
She knows that independent analysis actually says that Labour’s plan would reduce families’ energy bills by £300 a year, so will she ’fess up?
Will she admit that the true price of her failure will be paid for by hard-pressed families in their energy bills?
I would completely reject that, based on the many conversations that I have had with industry and experts.
The plans that we have set out have been assessed by the Climate Change Committee as being realistic.
The plans that the Labour party has set out have been criticised by pretty much every single part of the energy system.
Rather than playing politics with this issue, the hon.
Gentleman should consider the reality of the taxes, the raised bills and the problems with the economy that Labour’s plans would force on Britain.
Last year, the Government promised that they would publish their decarbonisation plan by the end of 2023, but they have failed to do so.
Is that because the Secretary of State is too embarrassed to admit the truth?
She is way off track, even for delivering clean power by 2035, because she has bungled the offshore wind auction, is failing on energy efficiency and refuses to end the onshore wind ban.
Is it not the case that she wants to attack Labour’s plan because she cannot defend her own?
I thank the hon.
Lady, but that is an extraordinary question.
There would be much more credibility from the Labour party if it would recognise that the UK is the first country in the G20—the 20 largest economies—to halve emissions.
While Labour Members might play politics with this issue, I am absolutely happy to defend our position on dealing with our climate change obligations in a pragmatic way that protects household finances.
Whether she has made an assessment of the potential merits of public ownership of the energy system.
Properly regulated markets, which incentivise private capital to invest in the energy system, provide the best outcome for consumers and promote market competition as the best driver of efficiency, innovation and value.
Despite the Minister’s disagreement, public ownership exists in our energy system.
For example, 45% of our offshore wind assets are publicly owned, just not by the UK—they belong to the state-owned companies of countries such as Denmark and Norway.
Publicly owned energy companies can accelerate the transition to clean energy while creating jobs, reducing bills and ensuring that the public benefit directly from our common resources.
Countries that are leading the transition to renewables have realised this; when will the Minister?
I thank the hon.
Member.
It is flattering: I am 48 hours into my role, and she would like to upgrade it so that I can personally be in charge of delivering energy companies.
I gently remind her that in her own local authority of Nottingham City Council, Robin Hood Energy, which was chaired by a politician—the public probably want fewer, not more, of us—managed to cost taxpayers a staggering £38 million.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the number of oil and gas licences issued by her Department on the level of carbon emissions from imported liquefied natural gas.
North Sea Transition Authority analysis shows that producing natural gas domestically is almost four times cleaner than importing liquefied natural gas from abroad.