Member for the points she has raised.
The discussions have been cross-party: the leader of Derby council has worked very closely with the Department to try to broker a solution.
I will take away her point about meetings; I do not have that information to hand, but I will ensure she gets the meeting she has asked for.
The point I was making was that the comments from the Labour Front Bench do not help matters at all.
This is a sensitive, commercially and legally challenging situation that we are trying to find a way through.
We cannot find contracts just for one train manufacturer: we have four, and it has to be an open process, otherwise the matter ends up in court.
Despite that, we are doing everything we can to find the right orders for those train manufacturers.
As well as the letter I have written to all of the manufacturers, specifying the tender pipeline that is to come, the Secretary of State has written to all the entities that finance train operators, making the point that they should bring forward matters that they can see.
That will help with refurbishment, as well as new rolling stock.
I thank the Rail Minister for the huge levels of rail investment going into my constituency.
As he knows, alongside my hon.
Friends the Members for Dewsbury (Mark Eastwood) and for Penistone and Stocksbridge (Miriam Cates), we secured £48 million of levelling-up cash for upgrades on the Penistone line, with stations at Honley and Brockholes in my constituency.
I thank the Rail Minister for visiting Huddersfield railway station last year, and I am pleased to report that a major upgrade, which is part of the £11 billion trans-Pennine route upgrade, is under way at that station.
Once that is complete, there will be major upgrades to Slaithwaite and Marsden stations, including disabled access.
Rail investment is being delivered to my wonderful part of West Yorkshire.
I thank my hon.
Friend; he is a champion of the railway, and it was an absolute delight to visit him at Huddersfield station and talk about some  of those projects.
Of course, his point is completely relevant to the matter before us.
The trans-Pennine route upgrade, for which there will be more Government investment than there was for the entirety of Crossrail, allows us to put an order in for TransPennine Express trains, so there will be more trains manufactured as well as better stations, longer platforms and more resilience. [
Interruption.]
I thank that team, which is doing a brilliant job, which The Sunday Times has highlighted.
Rather than chuntering, it would be nice if the Opposition thanked those who deliver railway projects to time and on budget.
My condolences on your loss, Mr Speaker.
I thank you on behalf of the workforce for granting this urgent question, because the situation is becoming critical.
My union, Unite, tells me that there are over 900 people employed on temporary contracts at Hitachi in Newton Aycliffe and at Alstom in Derby whose jobs are already at risk.
This is before any formal redundancies occur; Unite believes that that could happen as soon as June.
I am well aware that the Minister knows that the industry needs a steady stream of orders to sustain train manufacturing here in the UK and preserve those vital jobs in areas such as County Durham, where we do not have an abundance of skilled employment, so in all honesty I earnestly ask the Minister to use his good offices to persuade the Secretary of State to intervene urgently and ensure a bright future for this vital UK train manufacturing industry.
I certainly take that point from my good friend.
The hon.
Member has worked tirelessly for the rail workforce, and I know that he means everything he says with passion and conviction.