May we please have a debate on what can be done to protect those users from the wildly fluctuating energy market?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising this issue.
I encourage her to attend the next question session for the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, which is next Tuesday, and raise it there.
That Department is also running surgeries because of the complexity of the issues and the casework that hon.
Members are dealing with in relation to the energy market and schemes such as the one she outlines.
I encourage her to sit down with officials and have that bespoke surgery with them.
This weekend, Bury football club has its first outing, away at Thackley, since it went into administration in 2020.
As this is such a pivotal moment in the club’s history, will the Leader of the House join me in wishing Bury FC the best of luck for its first new season?
Will she also pay tribute to the fans and volunteers who have worked tirelessly to make this happen?
Up the Shakers!
I think you want to add, “Can we have a statement or a debate?”.
I know that all Members of this House take great interest in ensuring that our wonderful football clubs survive and thrive.
As someone who was a shareholder in Portsmouth football club and saw it through the largest and fastest ever community buy-out, I know how difficult that can be.
I take my hat off to all the volunteers who have kept Bury FC going and kept it playing, and I wish it all the luck at the weekend.
Our language constantly evolves, with new words coming into common usage.
Unfortunately, myocarditis is just such a word; very few of us would even have heard of it barely two years ago.
When will the Government look into the reasons behind the explosion in cases of myocarditis, especially among the young, particularly given that this week evidence has emerged that it is affecting some new-born babies?
May we have a statement and an urgent debate on this issue?
I encourage the hon.
Gentleman to raise this issue with the Department of Health and Social Care.
He will know that the next questions to the  Secretary of State and his team are on  11 July .
They will have in the Department people looking at particular therapy areas and they will also have good oversight of what research is taking place, whether in academia, research institutions or the third sector.
Is the Leader of the House aware that more than 40 years ago the Daily Mail, I believe it was, said that the Father of the House,  the hon.
Member for Worthing West (Sir Peter Bottomley) , and I were road safety nuts because we led the campaign for seatbelt legislation?
All these years later, we have succeeded in saving many, many lives.
However, there is evidence that some people are no longer obeying the seatbelt legislation as well as they could and that children are being killed.
Is she aware that the World Health Organisation said last week that the biggest killer of children and young people worldwide is not disease, but death on the road?
Will she help us by enabling a debate in Government time about how we can help, worldwide, to stop this killing of children?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for all the work he does on those issues.
As I know from my International Development Department days, he is right that road traffic accidents are one of the biggest killers and causes of trauma around the world.
It is important to remind people of their obligations under the law and that such measures are a very good idea.
I congratulate him on all he has done to secure those laws.
I add my condolences to the families of Winnie Ewing and Craig Brown.