I do not think we need an audit.
China is our fourth largest export market, and we are aware of the economic challenge that it poses across the world.
We work with countries across the world, but we have a pragmatic relationship with China.
We need to use our influence to help them get to a better place, but I take the hon.
Gentleman’s point.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What discussions she has had with (a) Cabinet colleagues and (b) the Scottish Government on promoting Scottish trade and culture overseas.
I regularly discuss with my Cabinet colleagues promoting trade in Scotland as well as the United Kingdom as a whole.
Just this week I chaired a meeting of the Board of Trade that focused on trade promotion across the nations, and held discussions, alongside the Secretary of State for Scotland, on ensuring that the Department’s work delivers for the whole UK.
That sounds just wonderful, but I would like to know how the Secretary of State thinks ending freedom of movement has helped to promote Scottish trade and culture overseas.
Does she think it is a good thing that musicians in Glasgow North now find it much more difficult to tour in Europe—one of the most important markets for traditional Scottish music nowadays —and that their merchandise can no longer be manufactured in Scotland but must be manufactured in the countries to which they are travelling because the customs costs have become so prohibitive?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman’s early-morning snarkiness as he asks about what we are doing for Scotland.
We understand that there are issues that people have across borders, and my Department works closely with musicians and with all those who trade across borders to see what we can do to resolve those issues.
If there are specific cases in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency, the Department is well placed to help his constituents with the issues he has described.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Scotch whisky is an iconic Scottish export, and it is also hugely important strategically to the whole UK.
Had Ministers completed the free trade agreement with India by Diwali last year,  as was promised, the 150% tariff that producers of Scotch face when exporting to India could have been eliminated.
Given that the 10th round of talks has recently ended, with an 11th planned soon, can the Secretary of State tell us whether the free trade agreement will be completed by Diwali this year?
I have said repeatedly that it is about the deal and not the day.
Every single trade agreement that we negotiate is bespoke to the specific country and tailored to its economy, to ensure that it benefits both the UK and the counterpart country.
I am happy to say that the Scotch Whisky Association is very pleased with what it has been hearing about negotiations from its Indian counterparts, and we are working hard to make sure that the industry is successful.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
The Scottish seafood industry has been hit with an estimated 50% increase in the cost of packaging owing to the requirement—thanks to the form of Brexit chosen by this Government—for export health certificates with every consignment.
Does the Secretary of State accept that the form of Brexit that was chosen, and in particular the failure to align in respect of sanitary and phytosanitary matters, is adding costs to Scotland’s iconic seafood sector at a time when it can barely afford to absorb such costs?
No, I do not accept that at all.
If anything, what is increasing the costs is what the Scottish Government have been doing in relation to the deposit return scheme.
While complaining about our divergence between here and the EU, they are trying to split the UK single market, and we are not going to let them do that.
What steps she is taking to help the steel industry to decarbonise.