What steps she is taking to implement the Neonatal Care (Leave and Pay) Act 2023.
I thank my hon.
Friend for being the foremost parliamentary champion for this important cause.
The Neonatal Care (Leave and Pay)  Act 2023 will give eligible employed parents up to 12 weeks of extra paid leave if their new baby is admitted to neonatal care, providing extra support at a very worrying time.
We are keen to introduce the new entitlements as quickly as possible.
I thank the Minister for that answer and his Department for its work on delivering the Neonatal Care (Leave and Pay) Act.
It is fantastic news for so many parents across the country.
We all want to see this entitlement delivered as quickly as possible.
It really should be possible for the Department to deliver it for April next year, as there is time to deliver the required statutory instruments and guidance.
There are examples of where His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs has been able to move forward quickly to deliver such changes.
Will the Minister update the House on his work to drive through this important change, so that parents do not have to wait a second longer than necessary for this entitlement, which will support them during the most difficult and dark times in their life?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to press us on this.
We need to do this as quickly as possible and we are keen, as I have said, to do that.
Similar work does require updating HMRC IT systems and parliamentary consideration is, of course, required for secondary legislation.
There are seven pieces of secondary legislation, and support is needed for employers and payroll providers to implement the changes.
We cannot introduce this mid-year; it has to be at the start of the year.
I therefore think it very unlikely that we will be able to do that before April 2025.
What steps her Department is taking to support the battery sector.
I recently visited Williams Advanced Engineering, an excellent example of British engineers working at the cutting edge of battery technology, including on projects benefiting from the Faraday battery challenge.
The Government’s £541 million Faraday battery challenge has supported more than 140 organisations working across the UK, attracting over £400 million in co-investment, and enabled 500 researchers across more than 25 universities to improve and develop battery technologies.
We know that the United Kingdom needs more battery production facilities in order to achieve net zero and build an automotive industry that is fit for the future.
On the Blyth estuary, we have the best site in the UK for high-volume battery manufacturing, with green power supplies, a deep-water port, and a talented and willing workforce.
Does the Minister agree that it is vital that this Government grasp the opportunity and do all that they can to bring much-needed new green jobs to south-east Northumberland?
Yes, of course, I do agree with my hon.
Friend.
I know that Blyth has an excellent location for a gigafactory.
I just want him to know, as he represents that constituency, that we continue to work closely with the local authority to secure the best outcome for that site.
Will the Secretary of State be slightly cautious about a battery-driven future?
I recently visited JCB, which has developed a hydrogen combustion engine that is working well with heavy vehicles.
Hydrogen is moving very fast indeed.
Will she encourage the production of hydrogen and visit JCB just to see the really innovative work that it is doing?
Will she stop the Transport Minister in the House of Lords dissing hydrogen as ineffective?
Far be it from me to stop our noble Friends in the other place from doing what they think is right.
None the less, I do agree with the hon.
Gentleman.
My view is, let a thousand flowers bloom.