As two service-driven economies, this negotiation is an excellent opportunity to build on our existing goods-focused agreement, particularly to boost trade in services with an innovative, high-tech nation such as Israel.
The UK’s trade with Israel increased by 42% in 2022 compared with 2021, and it is valued at £7.2 billion.
Israel is a key trade and security partner in the region, and it is a world leader in many areas.
Can the Minister update the House on the Department’s progress on the trade aims outlined in the 2030 road map for UK-Israel bilateral relations, namely the establishment of a UK-Israel free trade agreement, the Britain-Israel Investment Group and a UK-Israel innovation and investment summit?
My hon.
Friend is all over the numbers, which saves me from repeating them.
The benefits of the trade agreement are obvious, and we continue to strengthen our trade relationship with Israel, which is a valued friend and ally.
As outlined in the 2030 road map for UK-Israel relations, a service-based free trade agreement between our two nations will act as a cornerstone of this relationship in years to come.
As such, we are pleased to have successfully concluded the second round of negotiations in London just last month, and we look forward to holding further talks in due course.
I thank the Minister for that very positive response.
We in Northern Ireland are keen to ensure that the bilateral trade agreements benefit our companies as well.
Some people and councils across this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland wish to downgrade Israel’s goods.
I know that the Minister and our Government want to do the very opposite.
Will the Minister tell the House what he is prepared to do to ensure that Israeli goods are promoted right across this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
Absolutely.
Israel is already a really important trading partner, right across the UK, and it will continue to be so.
As we negotiate this deal, it is important that we focus on the areas of greatest opportunity.
Once the deal is done—of course, this is an upgrade—we will be actively working to make sure that the communications about the benefits of the deal are understood by everybody.
We will be working with various bodies and groups, including the devolved Administrations and bodies, to make sure that we take full benefit from these deals.
Signing the deal is one thing, but taking and making the best of the opportunities is another—we will be working on that as well.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure that the UK’s accession to the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership increases economic opportunities for businesses and consumers.
The CPTPP will be benefiting every nation and region of our country.
In particular, UK firms will enjoy enhanced access to Malaysia for the first time, including a reduction on tariffs on whisky sales to Malaysia of 80% within 10 years, improving prospects for trade and opening up opportunities in an economy worth £330 billion.
We should all congratulate the Secretary of State and her team on concluding the CPTPP negotiations, and it should be ratified any time now in New Zealand.
Of course the most important new element of the trans-Pacific partnership is this first ever free trade agreement with our long-term friend and ally, Malaysia.
Whether in cars, cyber, chocolates, vaccines or legal and other services, the opportunities for British exporters are considerable and, of course, the dividends from our investment there, such as the new Smith & Nephew plant, will also help our balance of payments.
Does my right hon.
Friend therefore agree that there is a great opportunity for us and Malaysia to work together on spreading the word, through our regional offices, the UK-ASEAN Business Council and every other means possible, to make sure that businesses in both countries are absolutely aware of the opportunities that the deal offers?
I thank my hon.