Friend should be congratulated, as should those in her local area, on securing this fantastic investment to restore a coastal salt marsh that is key to so many species.
As she will know, through our landmark Environment Act 2021 we have legally binding targets to halt and reverse the decline in species and reduce the  risk of their becoming extinct.
These environments and habitats are vital to biodiversity.
So I say to my hon.
Friend, “Good on you—well done”, and I shall be happy to help her in any way I can.
I call Christine Jardine as the Lib Dem representative.
First, I associate myself with the remarks that have been made about Craig Brown.
In my previous career as a journalist, I was fortunate enough to meet Mr Brown on several occasions.
He was a gentleman and our thoughts are with his family.
A recent report by Shelter revealed just how bad homelessness has become in Scotland’s four main cities, with Edinburgh being the worst case.
Figures show that 5,000 people are living in temporary accommodation, including more than 2,000 children.
That is a tenfold increase since 2002.
Given the shortage of financial support from the Scottish Government for local authorities and the fact that homelessness is not confined to Scotland, is the Leader of the House willing to set aside time for a debate on how we can kick-start a co-ordinated approach with agencies to tackle this growing problem, and on how we can increase the number of social houses and the financial support available to local authorities?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising this important matter.
As she knows, we have provided more than 2.2 million additional homes and delivered 632,600 affordable homes since we came to office.
We have also helped many people take that step on to the property ladder.
However, this is about not just housing supply but a whole raft of challenges that individuals and families face, and I know that this is a concern to many Members across the House.
I am very happy to make sure that the Department has heard her call for time on the Floor of the House, and her plea has also been heard by the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee,  the hon.
Member for Gateshead (Ian Mearns) , who is sitting behind her.
The Governor of the Bank of England earns more than £10,000 a week.
The Bank made billions of pounds in profit from last year’s catastrophic mini-Budget, and the bonuses that are jointly earned by his staff add up to more than £23 million.
How can he use his lofty position to criticise workers who are struggling to get a pay increase, when pay rises have fallen so far behind inflation?
Can we have a debate in Government time to discuss this issue and bust the myth that wages are somehow creating the inflation problem that we have at the moment?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I shall not rehearse the arguments that were made at Prime Minister’s questions yesterday, but pay restraint is an important part of our getting through this very difficult time and, in particular, tackling inflation.
The next opportunity to question the Treasury team on this matter is not until after recess, so I shall make sure that they have heard his concerns.
This morning, I spoke to a leading figure in the night-time and festival industry.
Since 2014, the Home Office has allowed drug testing to  take place at many festivals, potentially saving hundreds of lives.
Just over a month ago, there was a screeching U-turn from the Home Office that was inexplicable to many festival organisers across the country.
We had Glastonbury last weekend and we have many more festivals coming up across the rest of the summer.
For me, harm reduction has to be the focal point when organising those fantastic musical events.