The sectors have changed but the taxpayers are still on the hook.
So will the Secretary of State commit to undertaking a review of the financial resilience of all companies in each regulated sector and to present her findings to the House?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a very good point.
He is right that we need to make sure there is resilience across the sector, and I think our regulators are best placed to do that.
They are carrying out a number of reviews at the moment, and I and colleagues across Government are working closely with them.
The Secretary of State earlier told my hon.
Friend  the Member for Gordon (Richard Thomson)  that she did not accept that Brexit was having a negative impact on the Scottish seafood industry.
It is a bit like saying she does not accept that the earth is round—although, admittedly, sometimes people on her Back Benches need to be persuaded of that.
If she does not think that Brexit is having a negative impact on the Scottish seafood industry, does she think it has been positive, or does she think there has not been any change at all?
The hon.
Gentleman is entitled to his opinion, as I am entitled to mine.
He has done absolutely nothing except try to re-litigate Brexit over and over again.
The fact is that we are not going back into the EU.
We are using our independent trade policy, negotiating with countries around the world and delivering more for the UK as well as for Scotland.
Scottish businesses are happy with what we are doing, and in particular they are happy that the grown-ups in Westminster have stopped them making the catastrophic decisions that are destroying the internal market.
Is the Secretary of State aware of just how much influence the Chinese Government and Chinese companies have on our economy?
Is she aware that many times I have asked for an audit of how big that influence is?
Does she share the concern of many businesses in our country that the Chinese Government are using subterfuge and espionage to further their interests?
That’s three questions—pick whichever one.
I do not think we need an audit.
China is our fourth largest export market, and we are aware of the economic challenge that it poses across the world.
We work with countries across the world, but we have a pragmatic relationship with China.
We need to use our influence to help them get to a better place, but I take the hon.
Gentleman’s point.[Official Report,  4 September 2023 , Vol.
737, c. 2MC.]
How does it help UK Steel to decarbonise, or help the UK to reclaim its position of global leadership in reducing climate emissions, to support the opening of a sure-to-be-doomed new coalmine in west Cumbria?
I do not think the hon.
Gentleman has ever had a positive story to tell about his region, let alone his constituency.
We have a positive story on steel, and we have the same challenges as most countries in trying to deal with decarbonisation.
We have issues around energy costs that we have been providing all our advanced manufacturing sectors with, and we want to ensure that we diversify our access to different forms of energy.
Going back to Brexit, can the Secretary of State name one Scottish sheep farmer who is happy with the Brexit  deal, or any seafood producers and exporters that she spoke to who are happy with Brexit?
Can she name any Scottish farming sectors that are happy with Brexit?
It is not my job to memorise names of Scottish businesses, and just as I said in response to a previous question, SNP Members are not serious.
Perhaps if they stood up and actually represented their businesses in trying to make use of all the opportunities we have, they would be in a better place.