As for our achievements since leaving the EU, it is important to stress one thing: we have been laser-focused on making sure that the benefits are for the British consumers.
We have got rid of thousands and thousands of tariffs.
We have liberalised tariffs, reduced them or eliminated them altogether.
For example, to compare us with the EU, 27% of the EU’s current external tariffs are zero-rated, whereas the proportion for the UK is 47%.
We are significantly reducing tariffs, which is in the best interests of the British consumer, as a result of leaving the European Union.
What steps she is taking to increase trade with African countries.
To increase and grow trade with Africa, we are using our nine trade agreements, covering 18 African nations.
In April 2024, the Prime Minister will host the second UK-Africa investment summit to showcase investment opportunities and advance two-way trade.
Just this month, we launched the developing countries trading scheme, which covers 65 countries, including 37 African countries.
That is all good news, particularly the developing countries trading scheme.
I was recently in Ethiopia for a trade visit.
Can the Minister tell me how the developing countries trading scheme, in particular, will help Ethiopia?
I thank my hon.
Friend and constituency neighbour for the work he does as the Prime Minister’s trade envoy to Ethiopia and many other countries.
I was also in Ethiopia recently, and many people were praising my hon.
Friend and his work.
He is right that the developing countries trading scheme will reduce tariffs, which is a win-win both for developing countries, making it easier and cheaper for them to export to the UK, and for UK consumers because it will reduce prices.
It is not just a matter of having the deal; we are laser-focused on making sure the benefits of the deal are realised, with more than 100 Department for Business and Trade officials working in Africa to make sure we get the full benefit of these deals.
As the Government rightly consider new trade deals with other countries, what lessons will they learn from the hideous mistakes made in the New Zealand and Australia trade deals?
The right hon.
Member for Camborne and Redruth (George Eustice) , a former Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, rightly said that they are bad deals for Britain.
Given that British farmers are so angry with this Government, having been thrown under the bus on animal welfare and on environmental and cost issues, will he learn lessons from those mistakes and make sure British farmers are protected, and that environmental and animal welfare standards are protected, too?
I am, quite frankly, astounded by the hon.
Gentleman’s comments.
He is well aware, as I have said repeatedly and is widely acknowledged, that the trade deals we have developed, including with Australia and New Zealand, are economically beneficial right across the UK, including in his constituency.
If he does not wish to support policies that are in the best economic interests of his constituency, that is something his constituents probably need to recognise come the next election.
What progress she has made on negotiating a bilateral free trade agreement with Israel.
We are continuing to make progress towards an upgraded UK-Israel free trade agreement, focused on services, procurement and innovation, and we concluded the second round of negotiations on  17 May .
As two service-driven economies, this negotiation is an excellent opportunity to build on our existing goods-focused agreement, particularly to boost trade in services with an innovative, high-tech nation such as Israel.
The UK’s trade with Israel increased by 42% in 2022 compared with 2021, and it is valued at £7.2 billion.
Israel is a key trade and security partner in the region, and it is a world leader in many areas.