May I first put on record my delight at hosting my Royal Navy squadron, the 2nd Mine Counter Measures Squadron, this week?
I thank all Members who came to see and thank them—particularly you, Mr Speaker, and I thank you for addressing them.
I am delighted that this week we announced the consultation on the Oliver McGowan code of practice on statutory learning disability and autism training.
I want to place on record my huge respect for the McGowan family, especially Paula McGowan OBE, Oliver’s mum, for all that she has done to prevent the tragedy that happened to her family from occurring to others.
I also send my good wishes to all celebrating Eid.
The hon.
Lady raised the matter of the Privileges Committee’s special report, which was out at 9 am.
I hope that the fact that a debate on it was announced in the business statement reassures the House about how seriously the Government take matters of privilege.
I reiterate that it is in the House’s interests that we have such a Committee; it is there to defend our rights and privileges, and it is absolutely vital that Members of this House be prepared to serve on such Committees, so we are very happy to bring forward a debate on the report.
The hon.
Lady mentioned the breaking news of the Court of Appeal judgment.
It was a mixed judgment, because although what she says about the ruling on the policy is absolutely true, the Court also confirmed that Rwanda is a safe third country.
This is clearly a matter for the Home Office to update the House on.
We respect the Court’s decision, and I think there will be a statement later today from the Home Secretary on that.
The hon.
Lady knows that I have pushed Departments to make sure that impact assessments are published in a timely way; they are important.
I hope all Members of the House will also consider the impact of us not having systems that are fit for purpose.
We have to direct our finite resources for these matters at the people we need to help.
If our asylum systems are overloaded and we are not able to send back people who do not have the right to be here, we are not using the finite resources we have effectively.
The hon.
Lady mentions the cost of living crisis, particularly as it relates to housing costs.
I understand how frightening and stressful those costs can be; it makes life incredibly complicated when people have to juggle how they will get through the week.
These are very difficult times, and we are determined to ensure that families and individuals can get through them.
There are unprecedented global challenges that we are having to deal with; for example, we have to stick to the plan on Ukraine, and not waver in our support.
As Members will have heard in the Chancellor’s statement on Monday, we have increased support for mortgage interest schemes, and there are all the other things that we have done regarding providers.
There is also the new consumer duty placed on the Financial Conduct Authority, and of course there is the £94 billion for cost of living support measures.
We will do everything that we can to ensure that families get through this difficult time, and further business will be announced in the usual way.
On yesterday’s Order Paper, the first listed item of business, subject to urgent questions and statements, was the Holocaust Memorial Bill.
There was a notice on the Order Paper that the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities would make a statement on the estimated cost of the memorial.
The statement says, in column 13WS of Hansard, that the House was to be updated on the forecasted costs
“Ahead of Second Reading of the Bill”—[Official Report,  28 June 2023 ; Vol.
375, c. 13WS.]