My hon.
Friend has raised a very important matter.
As he will know, we are providing support through reforms, but we are providing workforce support as well.
We are setting up regional expert partnerships through the £70 million change programme, and in order to increase specialist provision locally we are investing £2.6 billion in new special school and alternative provision places.
That includes 33 new special schools, with a further 49 in the pipeline.
Provision is vital, as is ensuring that people have access to it.
We are also providing an additional 5,000 early years special  educational needs co-ordinators.
I shall ensure that the Department for Education knows of my hon.
Friend’s interest in this vital issue.
On  21 February  this year, during a Home Office statement on the Plymouth shootings in which we lost five people, the Minister for Crime, Policing and Fire,  the right hon.
Member for Croydon South (Chris Philp) , said that it would take the Home Office 60 days to reply to the inquest findings, including a report from the coroner on how to avert any further such tragedy.
That 60-day period expired today.
We were promised another oral statement and a chance for Members to scrutinise the Government’s response, but that response has been downgraded to a written ministerial statement, which means that Members of Parliament—including local MPs such as me—cannot ask questions on behalf of the families who are grieving and who want to avert a repeat of this tragedy.
When will we have opportunities to bring Home Office Ministers to the House to ask them why they rejected so many of the coroner’s recommendations, which would have made gun laws better and safer for all our communities so that a tragedy such as the one we saw in Plymouth could never be repeated?
The hon.
Gentleman has raised a vital matter.
Public safety is an issue for all of us, but for the families left grieving in the wake of that terrible event, what he has requested will be a key piece of information.
He will probably know that a written ministerial statement was published today, and he will also know that we are investing £500,000 in a new training programme for police firearms licensing officers.
These matters are important to many Members, but particularly to the hon.
Gentleman and his colleagues in Portsmouth.
Home Office questions will take place on Monday, and I suggest that he raise this issue then, but given the sensitivities involving the families, I shall also ensure that the Home Secretary has heard what he has said today.
As the chair of the all-party parliamentary group for wetlands, and as a lover of WWT Slimbridge, which is in my constituency, I was thrilled to learn that the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust had secured £21 million from Aviva.
That is a massive endorsement which will make a huge difference to the creation of, and research on, salt marshes.
Big business tends to be given a tough time by eco-campaigners, but many companies are investing in trying to improve the environment.
Will my right hon.
Friend agree to look into the work that WWT is doing around the country, and would she consider attending some of our parliamentary events, with or without her sword?
I should be very happy to attend some of those events, but it will have to be without my sword, because unfortunately the Tower of London would not let me take it home.
I am sure all Members agree that my hon.
Friend should be congratulated, as should those in her local area, on securing this fantastic investment to restore a coastal salt marsh that is key to so many species.
As she will know, through our landmark Environment Act 2021 we have legally binding targets to halt and reverse the decline in species and reduce the  risk of their becoming extinct.
These environments and habitats are vital to biodiversity.