Just over a month ago, there was a screeching U-turn from the Home Office that was inexplicable to many festival organisers across the country.
We had Glastonbury last weekend and we have many more festivals coming up across the rest of the summer.
For me, harm reduction has to be the focal point when organising those fantastic musical events.
I would like a debate in Government time that gets to the bottom of that inexplicable Home Office U-turn, because in prior times the Home Office sanctioned this activity taking place on site at festivals, with Home Office branding.
In fact, it has even permitted Greater Manchester police and Avon and Somerset police to allow this stuff to take place, as well as having their own forensic early warning systems in place, so that people can participate and make adult, informed choices about what they are and are not going to do in a much safer way.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question, and I know that this is of concern to other Members.
Our position on this issue has not changed: drug testing providers must have a licence to test for controlled drugs, including at festivals.
We have always had that condition in place and we have made that clear, and law enforcement has always had a responsibility to uphold that legal requirement.
We have not received any applications for drug testing at major festivals this summer, and we continue to keep an open dialogue with any potential applicants.
He will know that Home Office questions are on Monday, so he may wish to pursue the matter with the Department.
My Norwegian constituent has made her life here with her Scottish husband and their son.
She should be welcomed, but she had to win her right to residence via the courts.
Six months on, her life is in limbo because the Home Office has not issued a biometric residence permit, which is preventing her from working, from accessing healthcare and from leaving the country.
Can we have a statement on Home Office timescales for issuing residence permits?
What can be done to expedite matters for my constituent, whose lawyer says this is the worst delay he has ever encountered?
I am sorry to hear about that unfortunate case.
The hon.
Gentleman will know, because I have advertised it many times—including, I think, to him—that the Home Office is offering surgeries and bespoke services to all Members, either face-to-face or remotely.
He will know that Home Office questions are on Monday, and I encourage him to raise this matter with the Home Secretary and her Ministers.
I preface my remarks by saying that I completely appreciate how busy Ministers are and the workload they carry, which is why I have never before raised such a concern in Parliament.
On Sunday, there was a demonstration by detainees at Harmondsworth detention centre in my constituency.
I emailed the relevant Minister on the various email accounts that are available to us, and I simply wanted to know what was happening.
I was concerned about the  welfare of the detainees and staff, many of whom are my constituents, and I received no response on Sunday.
I thought that, in the normal run of things, we would have had either an oral or written statement on Monday, as we have had in the past.
Nothing happened, so we contacted the Minister’s office again.
Nothing happened on Tuesday, so we contacted the office again, and no response.
As you know, Mr Speaker, I also sought to raise the matter in the House on Tuesday, but other business understandably took precedence.
I contacted the Minister’s office on Wednesday and basically said that, if I had not heard anything by noon, I would be raising a point of order.
Twenty minutes before noon, I received a reply, which was inaccurate.