None the less, I do agree with the hon.
Gentleman.
My view is, let a thousand flowers bloom.
Hydrogen is one of the viable ways of helping us to get to net zero, and the Government are looking at all possible options to make sure that we support the cutting-edge technology that will get us to our green transition.
What the value of exports to the EU was in (a) 2016, (b) 2019 and (c) the last year for which data is available.
The value of UK exports, measured in current prices, to the EU—including goods and services—was £247 billion in 2016, £298 billion in 2019, and £340 billion in 2022.
The EU remains the UK’s largest export market, receiving 42% of UK exports in 2022.
That is all very interesting, because, during the Brexit referendum, “Project Fear” told us that if we left the EU, millions of people would lose their jobs, our exports would collapse, and the economy would go into freefall.
Here in 2023, with us outside the European Union, employment is at record highs and unemployment at record lows, the eurozone is in recession and we are not, and our exports to the EU are at record levels.
Is it not now demonstrably true that we are always going to be better off out?
As Churchill once said, the pessimist sees a crisis in every opportunity, but the optimist, which my hon.
Friend is, sees an opportunity in every crisis.
The UK’s total exports have recovered to pre-pandemic levels measured against 2018.
In 2022 UK exports were £815 billion, up 21% in current prices and up 0.5% once adjusted for inflation.
There is no doubt that UK exports are excelling and will continue to do so.
I call the shadow Minister.
The truth is that in the year stated, exports to the EU fell as a proportion of total trade.
Last month it was not inflation that halved, but exports of fruit to the EU.
The British Chambers of Commerce has reported that more small and medium-sized enterprises are seeing exports falling than rising, and Britain has the lowest export rates in the G7.
When a business tells me that it used to take three days for its products to reach shelves in Germany and now it takes 30, is it not fair to conclude  that the Government have failed on the economy, have no plan to make Brexit work and are making businesses pay the price?
That backs up my comment on pessimism; the hon.
Lady is cherry-picking the worst possible figures she can find.
In my conversations this week at the OECD conference on SMEs, nations around the world were crying out to do business with the UK, and indeed are doing so.
Of course we are trying to tackle market barriers where they exist.
We are leading a whole-of-Government effort to remove a hit list of 100 market access barriers, including those arising in Europe, to open up opportunity to UK exporters worth more than £20 billion.
The most recent statistics, for the year ending March 2023, show that 45 barriers were resolved in Europe in that year, compared with 41 in the previous year.
What recent assessment her Department has made of trends in the level of goods exports since the UK’s withdrawal from the EU.
On a similar theme to my previous answer, the UK’s total exports have recovered to pre-pandemic levels measured against 2018.
In 2022, UK exports were £815 billion, up 21% in current prices and by 0.5% once adjusted for inflation.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
However, since the UK left the European Union its trade surplus with the rest of the world has declined from £46 billion to £5 billion.
Was it this Government’s goal to wipe out the UK’s trade surplus when they committed to leaving the European Union?