There was a notice on the Order Paper that the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities would make a statement on the estimated cost of the memorial.
The statement says, in column 13WS of Hansard, that the House was to be updated on the forecasted costs
“Ahead of Second Reading of the Bill”—[Official Report,  28 June 2023 ; Vol.
375, c. 13WS.]
That written statement was not available at the end of Prime Minister’s questions at 12.36.
It became available in the Library at 13.51, over an hour and a quarter later.
It was not mentioned by either Minister in the debate on the Bill, and no Member of this House knew about it.
Will my right hon.
Friend say to parliamentary Clerks, if not to the Cabinet, that that is no way to treat this House?
Information that is important to the House should be available for a debate, especially as the statement said that the estimated cost of the memorial had gone up from £102 million to £138 million—an increase of over a third in one year.
I hope she will agree that that is not the way to treat this place.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this matter and for his contribution to the debate yesterday.
He will know that I take these matters very seriously.
We have stood up some additional training for the parliamentary teams and Clerks in Government Departments.
We—my noble Friend Lord True and I—have also brought all the permanent secretaries over to Parliament and told them exactly what Members need to conduct their business well.
He will know that I have also conducted, with the Commission, a survey of all Members to see what more we can do to ensure that they can do their job in the most effective way.
I will certainly write to the Department and make sure it has heard his remarks today, and I will feed it back to the permanent secretary.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I thank the Leader of the House for the business and I endorse everything that the shadow Leader of the House said in relation to standards.
I would like to begin by paying tribute to former Scotland manager Craig Brown, one of two great Scots we lost this week.
Winifred Margaret Ewing changed the course of Scottish politics when she won her triumphant by-election victory to this place in Hamilton in 1967.
Winnie had the distinction of serving across three different Parliaments and opening the Scottish Parliament in 1999.
There is no one who did more to popularise and internationalise the cause of Scottish independence.
We will miss her greatly.
In Scotland this week, the iconic Caledonian Sleeper rail service was returned to public ownership, where it joined ScotRail, LNER—London North Eastern Railway—Northern Rail, Southeastern, Transport for Wales and TransPennine Express.
Although they are often referred to as operators of last resort, experience shows that they make excellent operators of first resort.
Perhaps the conclusion to draw is that some things just naturally belong in public ownership, like the water industry in Scotland.
Given the current travails of Thames Water, may I suggest that the Leader of the House make time available for a debate on why the public interest should always take precedence over private profit not only in the rail sector but in the provision of water?
I understand that it is the Leader of the House’s custom and practice to spend almost as much time responding to what the SNP spokesperson says as criticising public services in Scotland.
Before she gets to that, may I ask that she make time for debates on why six police forces in England continue to remain in special measures and why a report published today shows that NHS staff sickness in England has hit a record high, so that we can find out what the Government intend to do about it?