If you want a long question, come in early, please.
Help me to help our Back Benchers.
We do support reform and are keen to take forward primary legislation when parliamentary time allows.
In the meantime, there are measures that we can take through secondary legislation, which we are taking forward.
We are also looking to take forward insolvency reform, which is something else that we committed to do.
The Abraham accords have ushered in unparalleled opportunities by lowering trade barriers in the middle east, so how can my hon.
Friend maximise the trade potential of the 2030 road map for UK-Israel bilateral relations by engaging with the wider region?
Through our road map, the UK and Israel reaffirmed the historical significance of the Abraham accords—which have the potential to bring about advancements to security, co-existence, peace and prosperity for the region—and our commitment to work together to deepen and expand those developments, building on the progress of the Negev summit in March 2022.
Through the Britain-Israeli investment group, we will also combine UK and Israeli expertise to help solve regional technology and sustainability issues right across the world.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
This week, the European Council adopted the EU’s free trade agreement with New Zealand, which includes dedicated sustainable  food systems chapters, a dedicated trade and gender equality article, and a provision on trade and fossil fuel subsidies reforms.
Can the Secretary of State explain why our trade deal with New Zealand, if it is so good, fell so far short on those issues?
I think the hon.
Gentleman will find that, actually, the trade deal we negotiated with New Zealand makes things cheaper for our consumers, not more expensive, it is less protectionist and it is helping to improve relations between us and New Zealand.
I disagree with his assessment of the EU-New Zealand free trade agreement: we looked at it and were actually quite pleased with what we got.
I am concerned that the UK is being left behind on hydrogen internal combustion engines.
The EU and the USA are now recognising hydrogen combustion engines as zero emission, but the UK is refusing, which means that the automotive transformation fund for industrialising the technology is not available.
I am working with brilliant companies such as BorgWarner in Stonehouse and the Renewable Hydrogen Alliance to raise this issue.
I have spoken to the Secretary of State for Transport and I am raising it with the Prime Minister; I hope that my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Business and Trade will use her brilliant brains on this matter too.
I hope that my hon.
Friend will allow me to use my brain to help unlock this with the Department for Transport.
We have the automotive transformation fund and the Advanced Propulsion Centre, so we are doing a huge amount of work in this space to ensure that we are not only on the cutting edge of electric zero-emission vehicles, but looking at what the opportunities are for hydrogen.
We do not want to be left behind anywhere in this space, but we do need to align ourselves with the rest of our Departments, and I will do so.
The Fresh Produce Consortium, which represents 70% of the UK’s fresh produce supply chain, recently warned that post-Brexit import charges will hit small and medium-sized enterprises the hardest.
Does the Minister accept that the post-Brexit trade deals are driving up already soaring food prices, as well as hitting small food producers at a time when they are facing real difficulties as a result of increased operating costs?
It should be transparently clear that the UK is conducting trade deals that are in the UK’s economic interests.
That is the criterion: we would not do them if they were not in the UK’s interests.