To be clear, only goods originating from the state of Israel are covered by our current FTA, and that will not change in the upgraded FTA.
Last week, it was reported by The Jerusalem Post that Israel’s National Security Minister Ben-Gvir, who just 15 years ago was convicted of inciting racism and supporting a terrorist organisation, had told settlers in the illegal west bank outpost of Evyatar:
“The Land of Israel must be settled and at the same time as the settlement of the Land a military operation must be launched.”
He then spoke of demolitions and the killing of “thousands” of Palestinians, in order to “fulfil our great mission.”
Will the Minister condemn those genocidal remarks about Palestinians, and ensure that any trade deal with Israel explicitly bans UK trade with those illegal settlements and makes binding regulations for companies to uphold human rights standards?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that the UK is a leading advocate of human rights around the world.
We have very frank conversations with our allies and we have frank and honest discussions across Government.
In answer to the trade element of his question, as I said previously, only goods originating in the state of Israel are covered by our current FTA, and that will not change under the upgraded FTA.
I welcome the Minister’s restatement of Government policy in his previous answer, but if the UK signs a trade deal without a territorial clause defining the border between Israel and Palestine, it will be seen in legal terms as equivalent to letting Israel decide by default to include its settlements in the Occupied Palestinian Territories as part of Israel.
Is the Minister aware that that risks a situation where, in effect, the UK recognises illegal settlements in the west bank as part of Israel, which is counter to the Government’s stated policy?
I refer the hon.
Lady to the answer I gave a moment ago, but I wish to reiterate that it is long-standing UK foreign policy that Israeli settlements beyond the 1967 boundaries are illegal.
What recent assessment her Department has made of the potential effect of the UK’s withdrawal from the European single market on business and trade.
Having regained our regulatory sovereignty now that we have left the European Union, we are now able to ensure that our regulation is tailored to the UK economy, supports our businesses and protects our consumers.
Having left the single market, we can focus on UK trade with the world, where total trade is up 24%, so the answer to his question is that the effect is that total trade is up.
Resilient and effective routes to market are essential for trade.
The congestion that is currently being experienced at Dover is a significant barrier to effective trade.
We can add to that the HGV miles from Scotland to the south-east and the impact on the quantities carried, on perishables and on costs, never mind the environmental impact.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we reintroduce direct links from Scotland to mainland Europe and ensure trade is friction-free from Scotland?
I do not think the hon.
Member heard my answer: trade is up.
The reality is that this scaremongering just has to stop.
The scaremongering is basically a cover for petty nationalism, and I would ask him to be passionate about the market that matters, which is between Scotland and England.
rose—
If the hon.
Member was passionate about Scottish businesses and Scottish jobs, he would be passionate about the single market that matters.
What steps she is taking to implement the Neonatal Care (Leave and Pay) Act 2023.
I thank my hon.
Friend for being the foremost parliamentary champion for this important cause.