I thank my hon.
Friend for bringing that to my attention.
She is such a powerful voice for Cornwall.
I am surprised that the Department for Transport has not yet buckled, because I know what a champion she is for her constituency and the region.
I will ask my team to engage on this matter with their counterparts at the DFT and the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities.
I know that she will not stop until she gets what she deserves for her constituents, so I am more than happy to give the strength to her elbow.
How many trade deals have been agreed since 2019.
We have secured trade deals with 70 countries, including the EU, since 2019—partners that accounted for £1.1 trillion of UK bilateral trade in 2022.
As I mentioned earlier, in March we concluded negotiations with the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership, the UK’s biggest trade deal since Brexit.
In addition, we have signed five new comprehensive trade deals tailored to the UK—those with Japan, Australia and New Zealand; a groundbreaking digital economy agreement with Singapore, and a digital trade agreement with Ukraine—as well as the programme of 63 non-EU continuity agreements.
The post-Brexit developing countries trading scheme, which was alluded to in earlier questions, covers 65 developing countries and 3.3 billion people.
Will my right hon.
Friend spell out exactly what the benefits are for businesses and consumers in Hinckley and Bosworth, and the UK, and can she confirm that that is a more generous scheme than the EU scheme that we left?
I can confirm that our offer is now more generous than what the EU offers in terms of market access—for example, we allow the least developed countries to source raw materials from other markets and still import goods tariff-free.
Overall, my hon.
Friend’s constituents will be pleased to know that the trade preferences in the developing countries trading scheme reduce import costs by more than £770 million a year.
That is key because it helps to reduce prices and increase choice for UK businesses and consumers, and to tackle inflation, particularly for the highest-sold items such as clothes and food.
What steps she is taking to increase trade with European countries.
Europe remains a vital export destination for British businesses, with exports of £401 billion in 2022, an increase of 26% on the previous year in current prices.
Only this week, I attended the OECD small and medium-sized enterprise conference, which dealt largely with international barriers to trade.
We are determined to remove market barriers to make it easier, particularly for SMEs, to trade across borders.
On the subject of barriers to trade, not only is our world-leading cultural sector valuable in itself for our soft power, but it is an important part of our export trade.
But our musicians face unnecessary red tape when trying to tour Europe.
We need an EU-wide visa waiver for touring artists.
The Secretary of State said earlier that her Department “works closely with musicians”, so what is it actually doing to resolve this problem?
I know that my colleagues at the Department for Culture, Media and Sport are working hard with our European counterparts to try to ease the difficulties in that area—we recognise it as a problem.
Many positive things are happening in current trade with the EU.
Indeed, in 2022, the north-west—the hon.
Gentleman’s region—exported £33 billion-worth of goods and £24.5 billion-worth of services, which is the area he is referring to.
The north-west is the third largest area in the country for services exported to the EU.
What progress she has made on improving market access to the US.
As part of the Atlantic declaration, we launched negotiations on a critical minerals agreement with the US, which will secure market access for a strategically important sector of the UK economy.