Does the Minister accept that the post-Brexit trade deals are driving up already soaring food prices, as well as hitting small food producers at a time when they are facing real difficulties as a result of increased operating costs?
It should be transparently clear that the UK is conducting trade deals that are in the UK’s economic interests.
That is the criterion: we would not do them if they were not in the UK’s interests.
We are therefore working really hard, with a particular focus on opportunities for SMEs to trade not only with the EU but right around the world, where there are immense opportunities for further trade.
We will continue to pursue opportunities in south Asia, Africa and South America—all over the world—where we have not taken full advantage of those opportunities.
This will benefit many SMEs, including food and beverage producers, in the long term.
Over a third of the value of every Airbus sold in the world comes from the United Kingdom’s aerospace manufacturing—whether  it is wings, engines, landing gear or other avionics—but all of the Airbus sales are recorded in international statistics as exports from France because the final take-off is from Toulouse.
What can the Department do to try to make sure that the value of these exports, especially to the fast-growing Asia-Pacific region, is recognised as being partly from the UK?
This is a great opportunity to talk about Airbus’s 500-plane deal with Indian airline IndiGo.
It is the largest aviation deal in history, and it has been done on our watch.
We are providing the certainty that businesses need in order to go out and confidently secure such contracts.
A lot of the jobs will be in the UK, but I will take away what my hon.
Friend said, because we want to be able to show precisely the level of investment in the UK and the number of jobs that are created by this deal.
Order.
I remind Ministers that they should be speaking to me, not to the Back Benches.
I welcome the Scottish Government’s recent announcement that workers’ rights will be a key element of a written constitution when Scotland becomes an independent nation.
That is in stark contrast to this place, where this Government have legislated for only seven of the 53 recommendations of the Taylor review.
When will they legislate for the other 46?
We are taking forward a number of reforms, as the hon.
Member is aware.
There is a private Member’s Bill, the Employment Relations (Flexible Working) Bill, which includes a day-one right to request flexible working, as well as the right to request predictable terms and conditions, which is one of the recommendations of the Taylor review.
I think he should welcome those kinds of measures.
Kettering is the beating heart of the east midlands economy, especially in bespoke gentlemen’s footwear, with superb firms such as Loake, Cheaney, and Gaziano & Girling.
Will the Government confirm that their free trade agreements and their efforts to reduce international trade barriers will help the local shoe industry in Kettering get on the front foot and take great strides forward?
I was delighted to attend my hon.
Friend’s business conference in north Northamptonshire.
As part of that, we passed the Loake shop in Kettering, which is a world leader in shoes—in fact, I am wearing a pair today—and he offered to try to get me a pair at a discounted price, which I very much look forward to.
There are great export opportunities through that.
I call the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee.
Last year it was the energy companies; this year it is the water companies.
The sectors have changed but the taxpayers are still on the hook.
So will the Secretary of State commit to undertaking a review of the financial resilience of all companies in each regulated sector and to present her findings to the House?
The hon.