2) Bill.
I thank the Leader of the House for announcing the forthcoming business.
I am glad she has announced that the Government will follow precedent and allow MPs to approve the Privileges Committee special report released this morning.
Its conclusions are clear; it found that senior Tory parliamentarians took it upon themselves to undermine the procedures of this House, and shamefully that includes a serving Minister and a former Leader of the House.
The report noted that the matter was made more difficult because two of the Members mounting the most vociferous attacks on the Committee did so from the platform of their own hosted TV shows.
That undermines democracy and undermines this House.
We owe it to the members of the Privileges Committee to give them our support.
Frankly, it is about time that the Prime Minister showed up and showed some leadership.
If he does not stand up for standards, what does he actually stand for?
I urge this House to endorse the report a week on Monday.
That matters, because the public need to be able to trust the system we have.
When Ministers mislead the House, whether intentionally or not, and fail to correct the record, or when an MP, a Minister or, worst of all, a serving Prime Minister lies to this House, and  thereby to the public, the public need to know that we have proper processes for dealing with that, which we do.
By undermining this Committee, the Members risk undermining democracy itself.
As we found out during last week’s vote, when it comes to upholding standards, this Prime Minister stands down.
Is that what he is planning to do again with this report?
Is he really still happy for senior MPs in his own party to undermine and attack Britain’s democratic institutions?
Is it not time that he personally condemned those who sought to override Parliament’s standards system to get one of their own off the hook?
We have breaking news that the plan to send asylum seekers to Rwanda has been ruled unlawful.
I am sure the Leader of the House was expecting me to welcome the long-awaited impact assessment for that Illegal Migration Bill—I would call it the bigger migration backlog Bill or, now, the unlawful migration Bill.
I use the words “impact assessment” with a heavy dose of irony, as it does not tell us how much the Bill would cost or what the impact of any of its policies would be, so it is not much of an impact assessment, is it?
The Leader of the House has previously described impact assessments as very handy and most helpful, and I could not agree more.
Why did the Government wait so long to publish the impact assessment and then publish this one, which is neither handy nor helpful?
Is that perhaps why she should not be surprised—nor should any of us—by the breaking news from the court?
While the current Prime Minister focuses on keeping Boris Johnson’s sycophants in his own party happy, introduces new laws which by his Government’s own admission will not work and now seem to have been found illegal, and swerves scrutiny, people up and down the country are left facing the cost of Tory mortgage penalties and soaring rents.
The Leader of the Opposition, a man of honour and integrity, will restore trust in politics.
He will show leadership on the issues that matter to working people and act immediately to bring down the cost of living.
May I first put on record my delight at hosting my Royal Navy squadron, the 2nd Mine Counter Measures Squadron, this week?
I thank all Members who came to see and thank them—particularly you, Mr Speaker, and I thank you for addressing them.
I am delighted that this week we announced the consultation on the Oliver McGowan code of practice on statutory learning disability and autism training.