Gentleman talks about defence.
We all want to see 2.5%; the difference is that we have not cut the Army to its smallest size since Napoleon.
Never mind some secretive deep state, it is the state of the Tory party that is the problem.
The Tories are in a deep state of sewage.
After 14 years they have failed renters, they have failed leaseholders and they have failed mortgage holders.
I read with interest that the right hon.
Gentleman has been urging his neighbour in No.
10 to call an election, because he is worried they might get wiped out.
Has he finally realised that when he stabbed Boris Johnson in the back to get his mate into No.
10, he was ditching their biggest election winner for a pint-sized loser?
I think the whole House will have heard, despite all the bluster from the right hon.
Lady, not a single word on whether she would actually back our plans to invest in our armed forces.
No plans, in a dangerous world.
Of course, as ever, the deputy Labour leader is always looking to attack others’ failures, but never one to take responsibility for her own.
She once said, “You shouldn’t be waiting for the police to bang on your door.
If you did it, then you shouldn’t be doing your job.”
The right hon.
landlady should forget her tax advice and follow her own advice.
Levelling up, which my hon.
Friend the Member for Stoke-on-Trent North (Jonathan Gullis) mentioned earlier, is absolutely on fire in the Calder Valley, with £196.5 million for hospital reconfiguration, £150 million for flood defences, no fewer than 11 schools being remodelled or rebuilt as we speak, £45 million for the regeneration of three town centres and Elland getting a new railway station.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the naysayers around levelling up need look no further than the Calder Valley to see the great achievements of this Government?
My right hon.
Friend is right; it is not just in the Calder Valley, but in communities up and down the country.
The Government are investing billions in infrastructure across the United Kingdom, creating jobs and opportunities in every region.
I know that he has been a staunch advocate for the Calder Valley, which is a fantastic example of that in action.
I call the deputy leader of the Scottish National party.
I join in wishing the Jewish community a happy Passover and sending my condolences to the family and loved ones of Frank Field.
Two years ago, when mass graves were discovered in Ukraine, this House united in condemnation and rightly treated those graves as evidence of war crimes, which Russia must be made to answer for.
Yesterday, Palestinian officials uncovered two mass graves outside the bombed hospitals in Gaza.
Those graves also constitute a war crime, do they not?
Of course, we would expect the democratic Government of Israel to investigate any allegations of misconduct.
That is exactly what they are doing, and it is exactly what the Foreign Secretary and the Prime Minister urge them to do.
However, I find it quite extraordinary that the hon.
Lady seeks to draw parallels between the legitimate war of self-defence of Israel and the conduct of Russia.
Three hundred bodies, including of the elderly and the injured, some of which had been stripped naked and mutilated, with their hands tied behind their backs.
The UK’s own arms policy states that if there is even a risk that war crimes may be taking place, that is reason enough to halt the sale of arms.
Given all that we know, why is the Prime Minister yet to do so?
We continue to urge the Israeli Government to investigate any allegations of misconduct.
The difference though is that we can trust the Israeli Government—a democratically elected Government—to properly investigate those things.
Of course, we keep the advice under review.