and gallant Friend for his comments.
He is right to point out the need to be prepared to use the abilities that we have.
Ours is one of the only countries with both the global reach and the desire and preparedness to use those abilities, which is why we have ended up defending ships in the Red sea from the Houthis.
I can report that a specific incident along those lines has taken place today, with our armed forces in action, and we can be very proud of everything they do for us.
On behalf of the Liberal Democrats, I welcome the right hon.
Gentleman’s statement about increased defence spending, although it relates to a time six years hence rather than being specific about funding in the intervening years.
Eighteen of the 32 members of NATO are still not spending even 2% of GDP on defence, including France, Spain and Italy.
Encouraging them to spend more is not so much about fairness as about persuading sceptics in the United States that North America should remain engaged in Europe.
Leverage at the NATO summit in July will come too late.
What additional commitments did the Secretary of State and other Ministers obtain from our allies before announcing the 2030 pledge?
First, I assure the hon.
Gentleman that it starts this year—the half a billion pounds is in this year’s budget.
We have opted to give that money directly to Ukraine, in addition to the money that we are already gifting it, bringing the total to £3 billion.
Secondly, let me gently say that I do not think I have ever heard Liberal Democrats argue for more defence spending, but I strongly welcome the hon.
Gentleman to the cause.
I agree with him entirely that 2%—which we ourselves set back in 2014—is no longer the baseline  that we should be working to, but I gently point out to him that the reason it has taken some time to replace Trident, and in particular the submarines, is that there was a short period under the coalition when we could not get our Liberal Democrat partners to agree to get on with the job.
May I, in passing, pay tribute to the late Frank Field?
He voted for the renewal of Trident, unlike many on the Labour Front Bench, and he would have understood that deepening our defence capability in the conventional forces is a vital part of the deterrence that NATO provides for the security of Europe.
I commend my right hon.
Friend and the Government for leading the way on this, and setting an example through leadership.
I thank my hon.
Friend and add my condolences to those already conveyed by others.
Frank Field was a great statesman with really innovative ideas about welfare reform, which it took this Government to enact, and he is a great loss to us all.
I entirely agree with my hon.
Friend about our leadership in NATO in getting to 2.5%.
I was talking about that to the Secretary-General of NATO yesterday.
We must ensure that 2.5% is the new level at which people operate.
If they did—if everyone joined us at 2.5%—there would be £135 billion per annum more in the collective NATO budget, which would make a huge difference.
Labour is absolutely committed to reaching 2.5%, and we welcome the additional £500 million for Ukraine, but time is of the essence.
What is the Secretary of State doing to speed up the delivery of much-needed military supplies to the frontline in Ukraine?
I warmly welcome the hon.
Lady’s comments, and I hope very much that those on her Front Bench, who have not attached themselves to the timeline that she urges, have listened closely to what she has said.