One other challenge that the institutions face is dealing with the continuing legacy of the troubles.
Seven days from now, all civil cases and inquests related to the troubles will come to an end under the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023, which is widely opposed in Northern Ireland.
Does the right hon.
Gentleman think that confidence in the new independent commission will be helped or hindered by the fact that it has recently brought three separate legal challenges to the disclosure by coroners of information to families about what happened to their loved ones—information that they have been denied for so many years?
The right hon.
Gentleman conflates two issues.
First, there are the ongoing elements of how we deal with public interest immunity and the “neither confirm nor deny” policy in court cases in Northern Ireland, and indeed across the United Kingdom.
Secondly, there is the question about the new commission we are setting up to deal with legacy.
I believe that even those with civil cases will be able to use the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery in good faith when it opens its doors on  1 May .
Only this month, the former co-chair of the Consultative Group on the Past, Denis Bradley, said that he thinks the people involved with the ICRIR
“are very good people, I have a lot of regard for them… And if people decide it offers them something, well then, I will be very reluctant to make too many strong judgments around it.
Because”—
this is the problem that the UK Government are trying to solve—
“we have created a swamp around legacy, a complete swamp.
Anything that helps some people to get out of that swamp, I won’t be too critical.”
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I add my party’s tribute to Frank Field.
We send our condolences to his friends and family.
He was Birkenhead’s MP for 40 years, and he was a very faithful servant not only to his constituents but to this place.
The return of devolved government to Northern Ireland has been rightly welcomed across this House.
Will the Secretary of State reaffirm his Government’s commitment to the principle of consent, not just in Northern Ireland but in Scotland and Wales?
The peoples of those places should be able to choose the form of government best suited to their needs, whether that happens to be inside or outside the United Kingdom.
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman’s welcoming of the restored institutions.
I am also a great respecter of referendum results, and I believe we had one in Scotland.
That is probably enough said.
What recent discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on the expansion of integrated education in Northern Ireland.
The Government remain committed to supporting integrated education in Northern Ireland and have already made funds available to support more schools than ever to convert to integrated status.
I and my noble Friend Lord Caine look forward to engaging with the new Education Minister, Paul Givan, to make progress on this important issue.
I travelled with colleagues to Northern Ireland two weeks ago, and we visited Forge Integrated Primary School and met lots of very fine children.
In 2015, £150 million of Fresh Start funding was earmarked for integrated education in Northern Ireland.
What does the Minister say to those schools that were expecting this funding but have found that it is no longer guaranteed?
The House may not know that only 7% of schoolchildren in Northern Ireland can be said to be attending an integrated school, which we would like to see change.
The period over which Fresh Start funding was released would have ended at the end of March 2025, so we have repurposed £150 million of that funding to provide additional flexibility to the Northern Ireland Executive in respect of that funding stream and schools.