I know that my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary has been very clear on that point, and I will make it to him again.
That is also why we are rolling out a range of crime prevention measures through the safer streets fund; it is why we are improving CCTV and street lighting; and it is why we introduced the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 to give the police greater powers to deliver tougher sentences for more serious offenders.
Earlier, the Deputy Prime Minister said that when the Prime Minister and the Chancellor took office, they restored stability to the UK economy.
Who does he think caused the instability?
Labour Members might want to forget it, but I remember the day the Conservatives came into office in 2010.
What was the note left on the desk of the Chief Secretary to the Treasury? “
There is no money left.”
That is the challenge that we have addressed through the Prime Minister and Chancellor successively.
Labour’s mayoral candidate in the West Midlands talks about housing, but makes no commitment to protect our precious green belt.
He talks about transport, but he fails to commit to reopening Aldridge train station.
He committed to saving police stations such as Aldridge; then, when the Labour police and crime commissioner said he would close them, he changed his mind and agreed to that.
So we are left wondering in my constituency what he stands for.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree with me that only Mayor Andy Street has a plan and a track record to be trusted to deliver for the West Midlands?
As ever, my right hon.
Friend is absolutely correct to highlight the record of Labour’s police and crime commissioner, and West Midlands police has actually been put in special measures on Simon Foster’s watch.
When it comes to the green belt, we have all seen the new wheeze from the Labour party—redesignate green belt “grey belt” and concrete all over it.
Well, the Conservatives will not allow that to happen, and people up and down the country will vote Conservative to stop that happening.
Conservative Ministers like to blame strikes and the pandemic for the appalling waiting times in the NHS.
The Blackpool Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust has not hit its target for seeing patients in A&E within four hours since 2015—before the strikes and before the pandemic, but five years after the Conservatives came to office.
So who does the Deputy Prime Minister blame for that?
Labour Members like to pretend the pandemic did not happen, and they like—[Interruption.]
That is the cause of the biggest pressure on the NHS.
They complain about NHS performance while backing strikes by doctors, who unreasonably want a 35% pay rise.
Despite all of those pressures, actually A&E performance has improved in the past month.
The Labour leader of the almost bankrupt Hastings Borough Council and several other Labour councillors resigned from the Labour party citing that the national Labour party has become overly authoritarian, in a “dereliction of local democracy”, and has “lost its moral compass” and is suffocating local voices because its only objective is power for power’s sake.
Would the Deputy Prime Minister agree that voting for Conservative candidates in upcoming elections will ensure local voters are heard, local democracy is upheld and better services are delivered?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the really serious concerns about Labour councillors in Hastings.
One former Labour councillor said that Labour are no longer providing
“the policies, the support, or the focus on local government”.
I could not have put it better myself.
With thousands of steelworkers’ jobs on the line, the likelihood of industrial action and reports of a deal for India to be exempt from carbon taxes, will this Government now back the detailed, serious and robust multi-union proposal as the only way to keep primary steel making in the UK?