I know what an important piece of work this is, and I know my hon.
Friend’s commitment to campaigning for it.
We have already provided substantial sums, and I am sure we will continue to do so.
As the chair of the Scottish arm of Feeding Britain, may I thank you, Mr Speaker, and those on the Front Benches for their tributes to the great Frank Field?
He chaired an all-party parliamentary inquiry 10 years ago on food poverty, and food bank use has increased relentlessly since then.
Will the Government consider, in Frank Field’s memory, a cross-sector summit with the aim of helping communities to secure the resources to deliver food security programmes at the necessary scale?
I join the hon.
Gentleman in paying tribute to Lord Frank Field’s campaigning.
It is the case that over the past couple of years, we have provided more than £108 billion-worth of support with the cost of living, including extra cost of living payments of £900 last year.
The effect of all that is that 1.1 million fewer people are living in absolute poverty than when the Conservatives came to office.
Last week we had the Finance Bill, and in it I noticed a reduction in capital gains tax from 28% to 24% on residential properties to try to turbo-boost the residential market.
Will that apply retrospectively, so that hypothetically, if a Labour Front Bencher owed capital gains tax, they would benefit from this Conservative tax cut?
I have always believed in having lower taxes that everyone pays.
This week marks the fifth Lesbian Visibility Week, founded by my good friend and publisher of  magazine, Linda Riley.
It comes at a time when LGBTQIA women are being let down by this Government, and nowhere more so than in their failure to remove the financial burdens that same-sex couples face when accessing IVF.
My constituents Holly and Leanne, like so many others, have been priced out of having a family, so will the Deputy Prime Minister commit to finally ending this gay tax for same-sex couples who want to start a family?
I would dispute the hon.
Lady’s characterisation of the Government’s record in this area: it was this Government who introduced marriage for same-sex couples and passed the Turing law.
She  raised an important point that I am happy to take up the Health Secretary, but the overall record of this Government is an excellent one.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I shall make a statement updating the House on the Government’s commitment to increase defence spending to 2.5% this decade.
In my speech at Lancaster House in January, I warned that we were entering a much more dangerous period in the world and I made the case for a national conversation about defence spending.
Since then, Putin has stepped up his attacks on Ukraine, China is increasingly assertive, and tensions have escalated in the middle east culminating in Iran’s unprecedented attack on Israel 10 days ago conducted in parallel with the proxies Iran has nourished around Israel’s border in the middle east, including of course the Houthis who continue to hold global trade hostage in the Red sea.
Since January, the world has become even more dangerous, not less, and we continue to ask more of our courageous and professional armed forces.
Our sailors have served under constant risk of attack in the Red sea, helping to protect international shipping and our own cost of living.
We have bolstered our Royal Air Force presence in the middle east, enabling Typhoon crews to intercept Iranian drones and missiles recently fired towards Israel.
And around 20,000 of our personnel from all three of our services, with a huge inventory of naval, air, and land assets, have been active around Europe as part of the largest NATO training exercise since the cold war.
In short, we increasingly need our armed forces, and we increasingly are asking more of them.