Gentleman asks about our commitment to our armed forces personnel, their families and their accommodation.
He may have missed it in my statement, but I mentioned £4 billion that we will now invest in their accommodation and conditions over this period, thanks to this big uplift.
He will be aware that last year there were a lot of problems with leaks and boilers not being fixed for considerable periods of time.
There have not been those stories this year, because we got on top of that with £400 million and by making sure that contractors are doing their job.
As the hon.
Gentleman rightly says, we have our differences on things like nuclear deterrence, but if there is one thing that benefits Scotland in particular, I would suggest it is what goes on at Faslane, with the extraordinary high-quality jobs it produces and the proud part it plays in this nation’s defence.
I call the Chair of the Intelligence and Security Committee.
The main reason why this welcome uplift has come when it has is Russia’s aggression against Ukraine.
Does the Secretary of State agree that if Russia and Putin are seen to fail in Ukraine, the threat to NATO will be put back for at least a generation?
Conversely, if they succeed, the threat to NATO will intensify.
Will he therefore do everything he can to persuade our allies, especially certain parts of the United States’ new political establishment, that the success of Ukraine is essential for the peace of Europe and, indeed, the peace of the world?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Although this is £75 billion and although it takes our budget to 2.5% of GDP, that is a fraction—a fraction—of what it would cost if Putin were successful  in Ukraine.
There is no chance he would stop there—none.
Other autocrats elsewhere would look at that and exploit the idea that all they have to do is outwait the west and we will get bored of it—through some form of attention deficit—and give up defending the things we said we would never stop defending.
That, in the end, would cost us all a huge amount more.
May I first of all congratulate the Secretary of State on his stellar used-car salesman act, which we have become used to?
On  26 March , he appeared, along with officials, before the Defence Committee.
His strategic finance director confirmed that next year, when we take Ukraine funding out of the budget, the defence budget falls.
Can he tell the House how he reconciles that fact, which was confirmed by his own officials, with his claim today and the Prime Minister’s yesterday to be putting the country on a war footing?
I am really sorry that the right hon.
Gentleman cheapens what is a very important discussion about the defence of the realm with such a ridiculous remark.
We should all come here in the right spirit to discuss these important issues, given the subject matter.
He asks about Ukraine.
Ukraine is a part of what our armed forces and this country are having to deal with.
We do not ask America to strip out its help to Ukraine, in the same way that we did not ask it to strip out its help to Afghanistan or Iraq, because it is part of the core defence budget.
Yesterday—I did not mention this in my statement, and perhaps on this basis the right hon.
Gentleman may be forgiven—we also said that our enhanced amount of money for Ukraine is not now just for this year, but we are going to carry on doing it every single year into the future.
So, yes, it is part of our core expense.
I commend the Secretary of State for obtaining this massive £75 billion increase in defence, which theoretically would allow us to buy 20 new Queen Elizabeth class aircraft carriers.