After a two-year void, they are saying they do not want to be hurried to deliver for the people of Northern Ireland.
Pressed healthcare staff, people waiting for special educational needs services, and those watching Lough Neagh face another summer of algal blooms are very much in a hurry for action.
Northern Ireland urgently needs a delivery plan, a programme for Government and a budget.
Yes, resources are a part of that, so will the Minister update us on any negotiations on the fiscal framework?
Will he impress on the Executive the need for urgent action, not just warm words?
One thing that I picked up from the First Minister and the Deputy First Minister last week is that they too want to act in all the ways the hon.
Lady said.
Their priorities include developing a programme for government that will enable them to take forward the vital work of public service transformation.
They are only 12 weeks in, and I look forward to good results in the short, medium and long term.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I wish to welcome our special guest, who is observing our proceedings today, His Excellency Johari Abdul, Speaker of the House of Representatives of Malaysia.
Your Excellency, you are most welcome.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 24 April.
Mr Speaker, I have been asked to reply.
I know that Members across the House will wish to join me in offering condolences to the family and friends of Lord Frank Field.
He was an outstanding parliamentarian who worked tirelessly to make society a better place.
My right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister is in Berlin.
He has announced the biggest strengthening of our defence in a generation.
I am sure that Members will want to join me in wishing the Jewish community a happy Passover, a celebration of freedom.
Of course, we remember the empty chairs of those hostages still being held captive in Gaza and call for their immediate release.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in the House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
I, too, wish to pass on my thoughts and prayers to Lord Field’s family, friends and colleagues and particularly to students and teachers at the Birches Head Academy in Stoke-on-Trent who are part of the Frank Field Education Trust.
Since being elected in 2019, I have: helped to reopen Tunstall Town Hall with a new library and family hub; secured funding for additional CCTV, new alley gates and better lighting in Tunstall to ensure that our streets are safe; and helped to breathe new life into Tunstall’s old library and baths, thanks to this Government’s levelling-up fund of £56 million to Stoke-on-Trent.
Sadly, Labour-led Stoke-on-Trent City Council seeks to undermine that progress by: introducing a brand new tax on residents to have their garden waste collected; refusing to take planning enforcement against rogue and absent landlords who plague Tunstall High Street; and increasing crime and antisocial behaviour by dumping undesirable people in the centre of Tunstall.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that Stoke-on-Trent Labour—[Interruption.]
Order.
It is normally Mr Gullis who is loud.
Please, let me hear him.
This just goes to show the disdain that the Labour party has for Stoke-on-Trent.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that it is time for Stoke-on-Trent Labour to axe the garden tax, to take the fight to lousy landlords—
Order.
There is a question to be asked and a time in which we ask it.
I suggest that the hon.
Member puts in for an Adjournment debate.
I am sure that he has the answers.
Mr Speaker, there is not much that I can add to that. [
Laughter.]
The hon.
Member has, as ever, proved what an excellent campaigner he is for his constituents.