But there is still no Tory plan to reinforce homeland protections with a new strategic review; to fulfil NATO obligations in full, with a NATO test on our major programmes; to renew the nation’s contract with those who serve with an independent forces commissioner; and to make allies our strategic strength with a new EU, French or German defence agreement.
With threats increasing and tensions growing, we must make Britain better defended.
With Labour, Britain will be better defended.
Let me start on the areas that I agree with.
The right hon.
Gentleman mentioned how much we welcome the US Congress putting $60 billion into the defence of Ukraine.
We warmly welcome that.
As Churchill was reputed to have said, America usually gets on and does the right thing when it has exhausted all other alternatives.
It took a long time, but we have got to the point where that money will go to Ukraine.
That is very welcome across the House.
The right hon.
Gentleman says that he welcomes today’s announcement, but then spends all his time explaining—or rather, avoiding explaining—why Labour is not backing 2.5%, which has a schedule, a timescale and figures that have been published and are in the document produced yesterday and laid in the Library.
He says, “Judge us by our action, not our words.”
We will, because 11 Members of the Opposition Front-Bench team voted against Trident.
It is no good for him and the Leader of the Opposition to go up to Barrow and to claim that they are all in favour of the nuclear defence, because they stood on a platform with a leader who wanted to scrap Trident, pull us out of NATO, and turn the army into a peace corps.
The Opposition tell us, “Judge us on our actions.”
Where is the shadow Foreign Secretary, who voted against Trident?
Where is the shadow Deputy Prime Minister and the shadow Communities Secretary, who  voted against Trident?
Neither is there on the Front Bench.
Presumably neither is in full agreement with the right hon.
Gentleman.
When it comes to the defence of the realm and defending this country, the Conservative party has always believed in our nuclear deterrent.
We are upgrading it and making sure it is fit for purpose.
Neither supports the 2.5%, as the House will have noted.
It is fine for the right hon.
Gentleman to come to the Dispatch Box and talk about yet another review.
If the problem were having defence reviews, there would be no issues at all.
The last thing this country and armed forces require is yet another review—delay, disruption and obfuscation.
I call the Chair of the Defence Committee.
My right hon.
Friend is right to say that we are continually asking more of our armed forces, as the Defence Committee’s recent report made clear.
In that context, I greatly welcome the announcement and the increased investment.
We want it to unleash a triple whammy in which our industrial partners also seize the opportunity to invest heavily in capital equipment and R&D, and in which our NATO allies see this as a new benchmark to which those who do not already can aspire and meet.
What are we doing to ensure that we not only make the investment but achieve that triple whammy?
My right hon.
Friend the Chair of the Defence Committee is absolutely right on the investment point.
I spoke to my opposite number, US Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin, yesterday evening about how it will help to galvanise NATO in particular to make greater investment.
When we go to the NATO summit in Washington for the 75th anniversary, the new baseline will be 2.5%, rather than the 2% one set by the UK in 2014, which 18 or so of NATO’s 32 members have now reached.
That investment sends a very important signal to the whole defence industrial base.