I can only suppose that the announcement was not made in last month’s Budget because it would have come under scrutiny from the Office for Budget Responsibility, but could the Defence Secretary say exactly what proportion of the 2.5% will be spent on cyber-security and armed services personnel?
I should point out to the House that we have always said that we would do this when conditions allowed.
Inflation fell to 3.2% last week—down from over 11%.
Ten days ago, we saw Iran fire hundreds of missiles at a democratic state, and we were partly involved in the collective defence.
It is therefore true to say that the world is showing itself to be even more dangerous.
We have reached the point where we are seeing growth back in the economy and inflation falling, so now is the right time to do this.
The hon.
Lady asks about the sums of money that will go into, for example, cyber or space.
I do not have those figures on me.
I would be very happy to write to her with an overview, because it will take a bit of collation to work that out exactly from the existing budget.
Quite a lot of what happens in strategic  command, which covers those areas, crosses over into other parts of the armed forces, so it is not a simple question to answer.
This is a very welcome statement, so I thank my right hon.
Friend.
He mentioned the Haythornthwaite report.
When will we get an update, particularly on the plan to spend the £4 million investment in service families accommodation?
Very soon.
I accept the need for additional defence spending, but may I ask the Defence Secretary for reassurance that the Government’s strategy for UK and global security going forward will have an appropriate balance of hard and soft power?
By that I mean ongoing investment in diplomacy, humanitarian assistance, international development—potentially including the restoration of the target of spending 0.7% of gross national income—and, indeed, support for the international rules-based order.
I can certainly reassure the hon.
Gentleman that that is something that we in the MOD are always looking to do.
We have just made our seventh or eighth drop of food aid into Gaza, using the RAF.
We are working with the Americans on other solutions, including the pier, and I work very closely with the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office.
Indeed, I used to be a Minister in the former Department for International Development, so I am well aware of the issues he raises.
The MOD will always look to assist, with our armed forces, wherever we can; we often combine hard and soft power.