One former Labour councillor said that Labour are no longer providing
“the policies, the support, or the focus on local government”.
I could not have put it better myself.
With thousands of steelworkers’ jobs on the line, the likelihood of industrial action and reports of a deal for India to be exempt from carbon taxes, will this Government now back the detailed, serious and robust multi-union proposal as the only way to keep primary steel making in the UK?
The Government will engage with any proposals that have been brought forward, as we always do, but it is actually the case that we have already provided over £700 million in energy cost relief to the steel sector in the past 10 years.
It is also the case that, even in the past year, the Government spent £97 million more on UK-made steel for major public projects.
So we are continuing to work with the steel industry, but we have already provided tremendous support.
I very much associate myself with the remarks of my right hon.
Friend regarding Lord Frank Field, who was a good man.
I very much welcome the Government’s firm commitment to increase defence spending to 2.5% by 2030.
It is something that will send the right message to our allies and potential adversaries alike, and it is something on which the 1922 defence committee has been campaigning for a little while.
However, would my right hon.
Friend do what he can to ensure that some of that increased money is spent on additional recruitment—including, if necessary, increasing wages sufficiently—to ensure that the Navy can manage ships, the Air Force can maintain its aircraft and the Army can dominate ground?
I know what a staunch advocate my hon.
Friend is for the armed forces and for funding the armed forces.
All of us can take great pride that we are putting the resources in to meet the challenges that the nation is likely to face over the next five years.
We will be working through the allocation of that, but it is already the case that in January we had the largest ever number of applications in recent years to join the armed forces, so we are making progress on that.
My constituent Lisa cares for her mother.
She works part-time at WHSmith and was sure to keep the Department for Work and Pensions informed so that she would not be overpaid carer’s allowance.
However, because of a DWP blunder, she now faces a bill for £4,000.
The Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology cares for her career.
She works part-time as a woke detector.
However, when she blundered, calling a top scientist a Hamas supporter, the bill—tens of thousands of pounds in costs and damages—was picked up by taxpayers like Lisa.
Why?
It is this Government who have uprated benefits for carers, with almost £1,500 more.
I think it is the case that the hon.
Lady’s constituents, my constituents and people up and down the country would expect the Government to seek to recover overpaid sums.
We need to do that in a compassionate way, and if people are struggling to make repayments, the DWP will engage to ensure that they have a sustainable and affordable way to make those repayments.
May I associate myself with the tributes and condolences paid to the late great Frank Field?
One of his lasting achievements in the world of education is the holiday activities and food fund, which this Government can take great pride in having funded.
May I urge my right hon.
Friend to use his good offices across Government to ensure that we secure a multi-year settlement for the continuance of that vital work?
I know what an important piece of work this is, and I know my hon.
Friend’s commitment to campaigning for it.
We have already provided substantial sums, and I am sure we will continue to do so.