Gentleman may be forgiven—we also said that our enhanced amount of money for Ukraine is not now just for this year, but we are going to carry on doing it every single year into the future.
So, yes, it is part of our core expense.
I commend the Secretary of State for obtaining this massive £75 billion increase in defence, which theoretically would allow us to buy 20 new Queen Elizabeth class aircraft carriers.
At the risk of upsetting our excellent First Sea Lord, we are not likely to do that, but we are putting our defence industry on a war footing.
Can we do the concomitant thing and create a war reserve of equipment with older Typhoons, older warships and older armoured vehicles, so that if we had to fight at short notice we would have enough equipment to do it and so that we can tell our adversaries that when we say, “Si vis pacem, para bellum,” we actually mean it?
I thank my right hon.
Friend not just for his words, but for his constant campaigning on this subject.
Those of us who have been subject to him in a Select Committee know that he knows his facts, knows what he is talking about and has done as much as anybody to ensure that this uplift is happening.
I can confirm for the House that we will not be using the £75 billion for 20 new aircraft carriers.
My right hon.
Friend makes an interesting point about what we could do with older equipment.
I have to say to him that right now, I am much more minded to send that equipment to Ukraine.
That is why, yesterday, I pulled together the biggest donation package to date, in what is now the third year of the war, of equipment to Ukraine.
For the time being, I think we will be sending it in an easterly direction.
Can I ask the Secretary of State what he believes a war footing is?
Very simply, Ukraine has taught the world a great deal about this.
When it comes to, for instance, producing sufficient munitions to restock  the Ukrainians’ supply, it is very difficult—in fact, impossible—to do that instantaneously.
When there is global competition for 155s or other missiles, we want to ensure that our own industrial defence estate is able to produce such items by telling those in the industry that they are on a war footing.
By putting in £75 billion more and, critically, naming the date by which we will get there, we will put them on that war footing.
I commend my right hon.
Friend for his stalwart stubbornness in securing this important increase in defence spending.
He and I both know that much more money is needed, but this is a step in the right direction.
He is off shortly to meet NATO members, and I fear that he will have a great deal of work to do.
For example, only two NATO members are prepared to open fire on the Houthis in the strait of Hormuz, one of the major trade routes for NATO and the west.
Does my right hon.
Friend feel that there will be a lot of work for him to do when he goes to meet those NATO members and asks them to step up and spend 2.5% on defence, as they should do and as we are going to do?
I thank my hon.
and gallant Friend for his comments.
He is right to point out the need to be prepared to use the abilities that we have.
Ours is one of the only countries with both the global reach and the desire and preparedness to use those abilities, which is why we have ended up defending ships in the Red sea from the Houthis.