I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
It really does depend.
Even in the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill, there was provision for a red lane for goods going into Northern Ireland that might flow into the Republic of Ireland.
The answer does rather depend on whether the numbers he has looked at are for checks in the red lane or the green lane, or for checks under the new internal market scheme.
The numbers rise and fall depending on a whole host of factors.
When trade increases, as it is doing, so will the number of checks as a whole, but the percentage will go down, because the checks will be mostly on goods going through the red lane.
We will soon get to the point promised in the Command Paper of there being no checks when goods move within the United Kingdom internal market system, save those conducted by UK authorities as part of a risk-based or intelligence-led approach to tackling criminality, abuse of the scheme, smuggling or disease risk.
That will ensure the smooth flow of goods within the UK internal market.
I call the Chair of the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee.
A vital part of securing Northern Ireland’s place in the Union is the shared prosperity fund, which is about levelling up and making sure that Northern Ireland has its fair share.
Funding is due to end next year, in March 2025.
What clarification can the Secretary of State give to community, voluntary and other groups that need to plan ahead, and whose funding faces a cliff edge if they do not have assurances soon?
I thank my right hon.
and learned Friend the Chairman of the Select Committee.
I am wary of giving too many assurances, because we are talking about a time beyond the next general election, when there will be a new Conservative Government, who will have priorities that they will wish to update.
We know about the success that the shared prosperity fund has had in Northern Ireland.
I have visited projects that it has funded.
I would like to think that it will continue strongly across the next spending review period.
On behalf of my colleagues, may I extend our deepest sympathies to the family of Frank Field?
He and I shared four years in the House, and I always found him to be a very warm and engaging colleague—someone who had time for young parliamentarians like me, and who believed very much in this place and our country.
May I also thank the Secretary of State and the Minister of State, Department for Business and Trade,  the hon.
Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake) , for the inclusion of Northern Ireland in the Horizon scandal Bill?
That is incredibly important.
As a Unionist, I believe in this country and will work every day to strengthen our place in it.
We recognise the “Safeguarding the Union” Command Paper as an important stepping-stone in maintaining and securing our position.
The Secretary of State mentioned the Government’s commitment to eliminating all routine checks in the UK internal market system, and we look forward to his faithful delivery of that.
However, while we have seen the creation of the East-West Council, we have heard little about the construction of InterTrade UK or the establishment of the independent monitoring panel.
May I ask the Secretary of State to update the House on those issues?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question, and look forward to working with him in his new role.
I can assure him that His Majesty's Government are working apace and will deliver on our Command Paper commitments in full, including our commitments on checks.
He asked about a range of bodies and pledges that we have made.