The transformation of public services is vital, but achieving that will require innovative strategic thinking as well as some revenue raising, and the Government stand ready to assist the Northern Ireland Executive with formal structures to help them achieve those ends.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
We have a massively skilled workforce in Northern Ireland, as everyone here knows, including the Minister.
However, in order to increase investment, we must create more skilled jobs and employ more people in the aerospace sector.
What discussions has the Minister had with Cabinet colleagues about securing more jobs in our aerospace community in Northern Ireland?
We can do more; we just need a bit more help.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I have visited Spirit AeroSystems, as well as other related companies, and there is a terrific pool of talent and skill in Northern Ireland.
We work with the Department for Business and Trade to ensure that the same advantages are available to people and businesses in Northern Ireland as across the rest of the UK.
I sense that brevity requires that I do not elaborate on DBT’s full offer, but it is certainly there.
I will write to him to set out the detail.
If he will hold discussions with the Northern Ireland Executive on the long-term sustainability of Northern Ireland's natural environment.
The UK Government regularly engage with the recently restored Northern Ireland Executive on a range of issues, and we will continue to work together for the benefit of Northern Ireland.
Only yesterday, I met Minister Muir, who is responsible for agriculture, environment and rural affairs, to discuss the implications of the Windsor framework, and to work through how I can help him to succeed across his full spectrum of responsibilities.
I thank the Minister for his positive response.
He will be aware of the ecological disaster at Lough Neagh, which supplies 40% of Northern Ireland’s drinking water.
It is partly caused by the run-off of agricultural fertiliser, climate change and the spread of the invasive zebra mussel, but has been exacerbated by sewage dumping.
Can he say a bit more about this issue?
In the past, I have found that his Department and the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs have not been willing to work with Stormont to address environmental issues in Northern Ireland.
What can he do to address them?
I have stood on the shores of Lough Neagh and been conscious of the condition of that enormous body of water, which is beautiful.
The reality is that the responsibility for it is devolved, and we did not have an Executive for a period.
We are absolutely delighted that it is back and being carried forward in a constructive spirit.
As I say, I will continue to work with Minister Muir.
I do not want to tread on his toes, but we will put ourselves at his disposal to offer whatever help we reasonably can.
He is a Minister of great dedication and energy, and I look forward to him succeeding on this urgent matter.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that Frank Field left an immense legacy in the field of pensions?
He started off as chair of the all-party parliamentary group on the Maxwell pensioners problem, and was then an inspired Minister of State.
He was subsequently involved in all the great debates we had on pensions.
We will miss him.
What impact does the Minister think that nature-based solutions to climate change could have on the sorts of problems in Northern Ireland that we have been discussing?
I am most grateful to my right hon.
and learned Friend for his question, and I agree with him on the pensions point.
On nature-based solutions, I would love to have that conversation with him, perhaps in the Tea Room.