What does the Minister say to those schools that were expecting this funding but have found that it is no longer guaranteed?
The House may not know that only 7% of schoolchildren in Northern Ireland can be said to be attending an integrated school, which we would like to see change.
The period over which Fresh Start funding was released would have ended at the end of March 2025, so we have repurposed £150 million of that funding to provide additional flexibility to the Northern Ireland Executive in respect of that funding stream and schools.
We are determined to see more parents given the opportunity to choose integrated education for their children as a vital part of the process of reconciliation.
I, for one, am especially committed to it as someone who proudly attends a Baptist church, where for many years I worshipped with a Roman Catholic lady and had no idea.
We should help Northern Ireland move to a point where denomination is a small matter and where people move forward together.
An important item in the in-tray of the newly re-formed Executive is early years education and childcare.
Thanks to the actions of this Government, we now have more generous entitlement to free childcare in England and Northern Ireland.
Will he discuss with the Executive how Northern Ireland might be levelled up on childcare, including by using revenue-raising measures?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this issue and I am grateful to her for putting it on the agenda.
Certainly we will engage with the Executive on this point.
She is right to mention revenue raising.
It is a fact that the Executive need to both transform public services and improve revenue raising, so that everything in Northern Ireland can be delivered on a sustainable basis.
I call the shadow Minister.
I also recently visited the Forge Integrated Primary School in Belfast.
I saw their much-needed and developed plans to replace their portacabins with buildings, answering their need for extra capacity.
The school is disappointed that the plans have been shelved, along with projects at nine other integrated schools.
Education is devolved, but money had been earmarked for such projects by the UK Government under the 2015 “Fresh Start” agreement.
Does the Secretary of State understand why teachers, pupils and parents are so disappointed that those plans have been shelved?
Does he have any plans to restore them?
I hear the hon.
Lady.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State and I understand people’s concerns and we too have visited schools; I certainly have and I think my right hon.
Friend has too.
indicated assent.
I repeat that we have repurposed the money so that it can endure and be available to the Executive to be used for purposes as they decide.
If we had not repurposed it, the money would have expired at the end of March next year.
I am proud that we have taken the steps necessary, with the Treasury, to enable that money to continue to be available to the Executive.
It is for them to decide how to spend it, but we continue to be fully committed to integrated education.
What discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on the development of a programme for government.
I met the First Minister and the Deputy First Minister last week.
We had a constructive discussion about the Executive’s priorities.
The public’s relief at the restoration of the Assembly has given way to frustration at the lack of pace of delivery by the Executive.
After a two-year void, they are saying they do not want to be hurried to deliver for the people of Northern Ireland.
Pressed healthcare staff, people waiting for special educational needs services, and those watching Lough Neagh face another summer of algal blooms are very much in a hurry for action.
Northern Ireland urgently needs a delivery plan, a programme for Government and a budget.