We all know, though, the one reform by Margaret Thatcher that the right hon.
Lady would not abolish: the right to buy your council house.
I was expecting a little bit better from the Deputy Prime Minister.
He seems to be a bit worn out.
Maybe it is the 3 am calls from the “bad men” that have been keeping him up at night.
He talks about strikes and the unions.
We have had more strikes under this Government’s watch than at any time before.
Once again, he has not read his own Bill.
Their ban on leasehold will not apply to the majority of people.
It is like banning non-doms but exempting Tory Prime Ministers.
He speaks about affordable homes.
Families are trapped in temporary accommodation and stuck on waiting lists, and in the west midlands the Conservative Mayor has used his multi-million pound housing budget to build just 46 social homes in eight years.
That is  almost as many as in the Chancellor’s property portfolio.
The British people know that the Conservative party will not build the homes that this country needs, so  when will they get a chance to vote for a Government who will?
I am surprised that the right hon.
Lady raises the west midlands when Labour-controlled Birmingham has virtually bankrupted the council and is hiking up council tax by 21%, while in the meantime—I am sure that this would please her—continuing to hand out £1.8 million to the trade unions.
By contrast, Andy Street, our brilliant Mayor of the wider west midlands, has delivered £6.1 billion of investment to improve transport.
There you have it: the contrast between the Conservative party and the Labour party, and the usual political opportunism from her, failing to ask about the issues that really matter.
If you want more bin collections, more potholes filled, lower debt and lower council tax, vote Conservative, because whether it is Ben Houchen in the Tees Valley or Andy Street in the west midlands, it is only the Conservative Mayors who deliver more for less.
It is pretty revealing that the Deputy Prime Minister thinks that housing is not an issue for the British people; I think it really is.
People in glass houses should not throw stones, because in Birmingham and across the whole country, councils are facing black holes because of his Government’s austerity programme.
I warn the Deputy Prime Minister that Tory councils have also faced section 114 notices, and Birmingham City Council has had over £1 billion taken from its budget—from some of the poorest people.
More than 16,000 families face losing their home after the Tory party’s mini-Budget, and mortgage bills continue to  soar.
Meanwhile, the former Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , parades around the world in a twisted victory lap promoting her new book, saying that the mini-Budget was her proudest moment.
Since she will not apologise to those families losing their home, will he?
What the Prime Minister has done since he has taken office, with the Chancellor, is to restore stability to our economy, with inflation halved and more, down to 3%.
As a result of that, in an increasingly dangerous world, the Prime Minister was able to announce his plan for the biggest strengthening of defence spending in a generation.
But it should come as no surprise that the Labour party refused to say whether it backs that, because this comes from the right hon.
Lady who voted to scrap Trident and to install in Downing Street someone who wanted to change the Army into a peace corps.
There you have it.
The right hon.
Gentleman talks about defence.
We all want to see 2.5%; the difference is that we have not cut the Army to its smallest size since Napoleon.
Never mind some secretive deep state, it is the state of the Tory party that is the problem.