Laughter.]
The hon.
Member has, as ever, proved what an excellent campaigner he is for his constituents.
He highlights the same problems with Labour councils across the country, raising taxes and letting services fall into disrepair.
Of course he is totally right to be holding rogue landlords to account.
I call the deputy Leader of the Opposition.
First, may I share the Deputy Prime Minister’s comments regarding our Jewish community and wish them a happy Passover?
I wish to acknowledge the loss of David Marquand and Baroness Massey, both of whom made historic contributions in Parliament, politics and wider life.
I also send my condolences, following today’s news, to the family of Lord Frank Field, who was a good friend of mine and a colleague.
He was a tireless campaigner against poverty and a champion for his constituents.
Mr Speaker, I know that the Conservative party is desperate to talk about my living arrangements, but the public wants to know what this Government will do about theirs.
Natalie from Brighton has been served with two no-fault eviction notices in 18 months.
She joins nearly a million families at risk of homelessness due to the Deputy Prime Minister’s failure to ban this cruel practice.
Instead of obsessing over my house, when will he get a grip and show the same obsession with ending no-fault evictions?
To begin with, it is a pleasure to have another exchange with the right hon.
Lady in this House—our fifth in 12 months.
Any more of these and she will be claiming it as her principal residence.
On the issue of no-fault evictions, it may have escaped the right hon.
Lady’s attention, but we will be voting on exactly that matter later today.
This is the Conservative Government taking action.
The Deputy Prime Minister clearly thought that he could spend all week obsessing over my living arrangements and did not even bother to read up on his own Government’s Bill this afternoon.
The reality is that he caved in to vested interest on his Back Benches and delayed justice for people like Natalie.
This week, the Housing Minister said that there is no solid date for banning no-fault evictions.
The Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities now says that it will not happen before an election.
If the Deputy Prime Minister can give us a date, will he name it now?
I can name the date for the right hon.
Lady: today.
It is today that the House will vote on it, and I am confident that, in line with our manifesto, we will deliver on that commitment.
The Deputy Prime Minister clearly has not been looking up his own Government Bills.
Let me turn to another Tory housing failure.
Leaseholds are a rip off and a con, but the Government’s proposed ban on new leaseholds applies only to houses.
The majority of leaseholds are in flats.
What is the point of a ban on new leaseholds if it will not apply to flats?
Again, the right hon.
Lady is talking about legislation introduced by this Government that the Labour party totally failed to introduce in its entire time in office.
It is no surprise, because it is this Government who have brought social housing waiting lists down by nearly half a million, and delivered more affordable homes in the last 12 years than Labour delivered when it was in office.
Of course, all this can only be paid for by ensuring that we have a strong economy.
Her policy to repeal every single Conservative trade union law in the first 100 days would open the door to French-style wildcat strikes, sweeping away the reforms that made this country great.
We all know, though, the one reform by Margaret Thatcher that the right hon.
Lady would not abolish: the right to buy your council house.
I was expecting a little bit better from the Deputy Prime Minister.