The Secretary of State is in a better position than most to help to resolve them.
Will he recommit today to our seeing further moves in the coming weeks in the direction of resolving all the outstanding issues?
I congratulate the hon.
Gentleman on his recent honour for his many years of elected public service in this place and to his constituents.
Yes, he absolutely can have that commitment from me.
I am committed to delivering at great pace on all the pledges we made in the Command Paper, and I am absolutely committed to delivering the best outcomes for everyone across Northern Ireland, because that is what Northern Ireland deserves.
Of course the restoration of devolved government in Northern Ireland is very welcome.
The Minister will be aware that polling evidence has shown a big growth since the Good Friday agreement in the number of people who identify as Northern Irish, as distinct from Irish or British.
What implications does that have for the way that devolved government conducts itself, going forward?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question, because there is a genuinely interesting point about the growth in the number of people who live in Northern Ireland who declare themselves to be Northern Irish.
I would like to think that it is reflected in the way that the First Minister and the Deputy First Minister go about their business.
They are working together in a respectful and positive way, respectful of each other’s communities, and wanting the best for the place they represent.
I believe that signifies a healthy development for the future of Northern Ireland politics.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Thank you, Mr. Speaker, for your eloquent tribute to Frank Field.
He was a brave and a generous man.
We look forward to working with  the right hon.
Member for Belfast East (Gavin Robinson)  in his new position.
The UK’s successful bid to host the 2028 Euros with Ireland is a fantastic opportunity for Northern Ireland, but with just three years left to build the Casement Park stadium, the Executive have yet to invite tenders.
In May last year, the Secretary of State was asked who would provide the money, and he replied:
“All partners.
I guarantee it.”
Given that the clock is ticking, how and when does the right hon.
Gentleman intend, with others, to honour that guarantee, so that the stadium gets built on time?
The right hon.
Gentleman knows that he is asking that question of someone who has been a football referee for the last 43 years, and who is rather passionate about the game.
I really want to see these Euro games played at Casement Park, and I have  made that clear, but the latest costs that I have seen are significantly higher than the ones I saw a year ago, and any taxpayer contribution to the Casement Park project will need to be made on a value-for-money basis.
I have also said many times that there is no blank cheque here, especially when there is no contractor appointed yet.
We do not want to artificially inflate a price.
The Northern Ireland Executive will also need to decide on whether and how they will underwrite any future increases in costs.
As I said back then, all partners are working together to try to work out what the number is, and how we can deliver on it.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for that reply.
One other challenge that the institutions face is dealing with the continuing legacy of the troubles.
Seven days from now, all civil cases and inquests related to the troubles will come to an end under the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023, which is widely opposed in Northern Ireland.
Does the right hon.