In the week when we marked the 31st anniversary of the murder of Stephen Lawrence, does the Deputy Prime Minister really endorse those views?
I think the hon.
Lady knows that she does not correctly represent the views of the candidate.
I find it extraordinary that she has raised the issue of crime, because while Labour’s London Mayor has increased the precept by over 70%, recorded crime in London has increased by 20%.
That is the record of the Labour London Mayor—no wonder people will be voting against him.
I note that I am the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on fisheries, and thank the Government for the recent pollack catch compensation.
On 12 May, we will see the first ever national fishing remembrance day.
I will be marking the occasion by  laying a wreath at a service held at Looe quayside by the memorial plaque that has the name of my late husband and, unfortunately, others on it.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister mark the occasion by remembering those who have died bringing this important food source to our tables, and will he ask the Prime Minister to do so?
I know how important this matter is to my hon.
Friend—I am sure she will be remembering her late husband Neil on that day.
It is important that we all recognise the sacrifices made by fishermen and women to bring food to our tables, and I know that my colleague the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sherwood (Sir Mark Spencer) , will be visiting Grimsby on that day.
In today’s Boro chairman Steve Gibson describes the Mayor of Tees Valley as having given away the future of the region’s children.
He was referring to the 40% of Teesworks, with a forecast worth of £500 million, gifted by Lord Houchen in a deal to two local business mates.
Mr Gibson, who helped establish the local development corporation, describes that deal as “unforgiveable”.
Will the Government finally admit that Lord Houchen and the Conservatives have sold Teesside taxpayers down the river?
The hon.
Gentleman talks about Teesside taxpayers, but Ben Houchen has never imposed a mayoral precept in Tees Valley, full stop.
At the same time, he has saved Teesside airport and secured a new freeport for Teesside—no wonder people will be voting for him again.
Has my right hon.
Friend seen the video that is doing the rounds of the theft in a shop in my constituency, Boots the chemist on Station Road?
In the space of eight minutes, two threatening individuals robbed thousands of pounds out of that shop, and they are not alone: it is happening again and again.
In fact, one of my team went out and photographed them leaving brazenly, not caring, and even spitting at the police.
Will my right hon.
Friend please now say to the Home Secretary, and through him to the police, that this is not a petty crime?
This is a threat of violence and massive robbery, and it should be a priority for the police.
We always talk about more police; surely what we should be asking for is more effective policing that gets those criminals off the streets.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight this issue: often, the allegedly lower-level crimes are the ones that have the biggest impact on communities.
I know that my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary has been very clear on that point, and I will make it to him again.
That is also why we are rolling out a range of crime prevention measures through the safer streets fund; it is why we are improving CCTV and street lighting; and it is why we introduced the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 to give the police greater powers to deliver tougher sentences for more serious offenders.