What is the Secretary of State doing to speed up the delivery of much-needed military supplies to the frontline in Ukraine?
I warmly welcome the hon.
Lady’s comments, and I hope very much that those on her Front Bench, who have not attached themselves to the timeline that she urges, have listened closely to what she has said.
As for the delivery of items to the frontline, we will be very fast; we will deliver in a matter of days or weeks quite a lot of the items outlined in the very extensive package announced yesterday, although they come in a number of different forms and some, by their physical nature, will take longer to deliver than others.
I welcome the announcement, and indeed the decision that has finally been made in the United States.
Can my right hon.
Friend confirm that investment will go into not just technology, but the logistic, the warehousing and the background facilities here in the UK—such as those at MOD Longtown, a very important employer for my constituency—to ensure that our frontline forces are supplied with the best kit that they could possibly have?
My right hon.
Friend can certainly have that reassurance.
We know that such support is extraordinarily important to the running of truly lethal and effective armed forces.
In every year since 2010, the Government—along with their Liberal Democrat partners—have missed recruitment targets, and The Times has warned that Army numbers could fall to 70,000 full-time equivalents.
What is the Defence Secretary doing to ensure that those who wish to serve and defend our country are not put off by the broken recruitment system?
The hon.
Lady will be pleased to hear that in January and February we had an eight-year high in the number of applications for the Army, which was reflected in the other services.
I agree that we need to be much more effective in getting applications all the way through the system.
It takes too long, and the procedures are too disparate.
People are having to turn up for an initial interview, go away and then come back for a medical.
Why not do all those things at once?
However, other measures are really helping.
There has been a pay increase of nearly 10% for the less well-paid members of the armed forces in the last year, which has helped with recruitment, and people seeing our armed forces involved in so much action has also helped.
The Minister for Defence People and Families is spending a great deal of time ensuring that the many recommendations—67, I think—in the Haythornthwaite review are implemented as quickly as possible.
I join the many voices that have called for some time for an increase in defence spending, and we welcome this announcement.
I suspect that, privately, the Defence Secretary was hoping that this day would come as well, and I congratulate him on the work that he has done behind the scenes to ensure that this funding is secured.
State-on-state conflict has returned in Europe, and the world is more dangerous, more contested and more polarised.
Will the Defence Secretary therefore expand a little on the consequences to UK security and to the UK economy if Russia wins?
Before rushing in to spend these increased funds, will he recognise the need to consider the full spectrum of threats and warfare that we face, so that money is wisely spent?
My right hon.
and gallant Friend has been a very important part of ensuring that we got to where we are today, but I had not realised that I had been keeping my own desire to reach this point quite so secret.
He is correct in saying that the implications of Russia’s winning this war would be horrendous.