I spoke to my opposite number, US Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin, yesterday evening about how it will help to galvanise NATO in particular to make greater investment.
When we go to the NATO summit in Washington for the 75th anniversary, the new baseline will be 2.5%, rather than the 2% one set by the UK in 2014, which 18 or so of NATO’s 32 members have now reached.
That investment sends a very important signal to the whole defence industrial base.
That is why it is critical to set out the plan and stick to it, and agree to reach 2.5% by 2030.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
The Secretary of State clearly has a herculean task to find £75 billion, so let us seek clarity on where it may be found.
I welcome the investment if it is in capability.
I agree with the shadow Secretary of State on why it was not in the Budget.
I think we all know why: it does not stand up to scrutiny.
Let me also welcome the Secretary of State’s investment in Ukraine, on the back of the US commitment.
I have to say to our US colleagues that it was long overdue.
Let me ask some specific questions.
It is the duty of Opposition to challenge Government, and we will have our differences.
With no increase in borrowing or debt, the implication is that there will be deeper cuts to other public services.
If the Government have assumed a baseline with spend frozen in cash terms as of GDP, as I think was alluded to by the shadow Defence Secretary, it comes nowhere near £75 billion.
As I come from a services family, I wonder if the Secretary of State will commit to a direct increase in spend on accommodation, training and recruitment as part of this proposal, given that we  are at a near Napoleonic decline on the frontline and have pushed members of the armed forces into food banks and near penury?
The Secretary of State and I will, of course, disagree on the nuclear deterrent, but I wonder if he will answer one specific point while he retains it.
The nuclear enterprise has been exposed as unaffordable in the latest report by the National Audit Office.
What assurances can he give the House that the nuclear deterrent will not continue to cannibalise the Ministry of Defence budget and, specifically, the £75 billion he has proposed today?
The first thing I should point out is that page 20 in the annex of the document before the House describes the uplift in the defence budget.
We have headlined it as £75 billion.
In fact, when we go through and add up the individual amounts year on year, it reaches £77 billion of expenditure.
Members can see there exactly how we will get to it.
Secondly, it is fully funded.
I know the Labour party does not like the idea, but we will remove 72,000 civil servants from the system, not because we do not think they are good people—fortunately, with low unemployment we know they will be gainfully employed elsewhere—but because we want to get back to the size of the civil service we had before covid, before it expanded greatly.
We see no reason to continue to run a civil service with 70,000 additional people each year, when that money could go into the defence of the realm.
The hon.
Gentleman asks about our commitment to our armed forces personnel, their families and their accommodation.
He may have missed it in my statement, but I mentioned £4 billion that we will now invest in their accommodation and conditions over this period, thanks to this big uplift.
He will be aware that last year there were a lot of problems with leaks and boilers not being fixed for considerable periods of time.