We continue to urge the Israeli Government to investigate any allegations of misconduct.
The difference though is that we can trust the Israeli Government—a democratically elected Government—to properly investigate those things.
Of course, we keep the advice under review.
The Foreign Secretary has recently made it clear that he has conducted a determination and has not changed his advice regarding export licences, and I think that is the correct decision.
The good people of Lincoln, who all declare their taxes and pay tax on profit when selling their second homes, overwhelmingly want Lincoln Christmas market to be brought back after the Labour-run city council cruelly closed it last year.
The Labour city council has refused to do what the people of Lincoln want.
What message does the Deputy Prime Minister send to the voters of Lincoln before next week’s local elections?
I am afraid that what my hon.
Friend has described is the Grinch in action.
That Christmas market, in the home of Magna Carta, was beloved by local residents, but the council has totally ignored their wishes and cancelled it.
It should reverse that decision.
On behalf of the Liberal Democrats, I offer our condolences to the friends and family of the late Lord Frank Field, and wish a happy Passover to all those in the Jewish community.
Unpaid carers have shared heartbreaking stories of how they have been hounded by the Department for Work and Pensions and told to pay huge fines for minor infringements of carer’s allowance earning rules, all because the Government have failed to do anything  about a problem that they have known about for years.
Yesterday, one of the Prime Minister’s own dementia advisers resigned, saying that the Government’s treatment of those unpaid carers was “beyond the pale.”
Will the Deputy Prime Minister apologise to all unpaid carers who have been failed by his Government, and will he commit to a full review of the system?
I pay tribute to all unpaid carers.
Indeed, I met some of them over the weekend and know how hard they work.
They keep our society functioning through their commitment to us.
That is why we have uprated the benefits by £81.90 a week, and have increased the carer’s allowance by almost £1,500 since 2010.
In respect of allegations of overpayment, of course appropriate discretion should be shown, but if there have been erroneous overpayments, it is right, on behalf of the taxpayer, to be able to recuperate them.
However, we will work with anyone who is struggling with those repayments to negotiate sustainable and affordable repayment plans.
My island constituency of Ynys Môn is accessed via two bridges: the Menai suspension bridge and the Britannia bridge.
Holyhead is the second busiest port in the UK, but bridge repairs and the weather can result in long traffic queues.
To make the most of our Anglesey freeport and new nuclear at Wylfa, a third crossing is vital.
Last year, the Welsh Labour Government scrapped plans for all new road projects, including our third bridge.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister use his influence to ensure that north Wales is not ignored by Cardiff, and that we get that third bridge?
I know and understand the frustration across Wales, particularly in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, about this state of affairs.
The Welsh Government have not prioritised building new roads.
They are damaging growth potential in places such as Anglesey, and are spending £100 million on new politicians.
We will work with her to ensure that we resolve the matter.
The Conservative candidate for London Mayor has promoted Islamophobic tropes online, endorsed the beliefs of Enoch Powell and claimed that the black community has a problem with crime.
In the week when we marked the 31st anniversary of the murder of Stephen Lawrence, does the Deputy Prime Minister really endorse those views?
I think the hon.
Lady knows that she does not correctly represent the views of the candidate.