I am most grateful to my right hon.
and learned Friend for his question, and I agree with him on the pensions point.
On nature-based solutions, I would love to have that conversation with him, perhaps in the Tea Room.
It is not my specialist area of expertise, and I am confident that Minister Muir would be interested to hear my right hon.
and learned Friend’s ideas.
If he wishes to share them with me, I will gladly pass them on.
What recent assessment he has made of the impact of the restoration of devolved Government on Northern Ireland.
What assessment he has made of the impact of the restoration of the Northern Ireland Assembly on Northern Ireland.
I am sure that my hon.
Friends will welcome the fact that, once again, Northern Ireland has local politicians taking decisions in a local Assembly that is accountable to local people.
With a funding package worth over £3 billion, the Executive are taking forward the vital work of public service transformation and delivering sustainable finances, and are ensuring better outcomes for the people of Northern Ireland in their daily lives.
The impact of all this has been unbelievably positive.
The commitment that this Government and my right hon.
Friend have shown in pushing for the restoration of the Northern Ireland Executive is clearly demonstrated in the £3.3 billion  for transforming public services, but what help are the home civil service providing to their colleagues in Northern Ireland to make sure that people there have the modern and efficient public services that they deserve, and how will that benefit all four nations?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I agree that there is a fantastic opportunity, which we are trying to take, for the UK Government to collaborate with and support the Northern Ireland Executive in transforming public services.
The UK Government have high hopes that Ministers in the Executive will move quickly to deliver on their commitments to set up a transformation board, and we are excited to work with Northern Ireland Ministers to produce plans that will deliver transformation for Northern Ireland.
Indeed, I met the First Minister and Deputy First Minister last week; we talked about this work and how we can further it in the very short term.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the restoration of the Northern Ireland Assembly provides the stability for further private investment in Northern Ireland?
This is a massive opportunity; it is the missing piece in the puzzle, and could make a huge difference.
How does he intend to capitalise on this?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The restoration of devolved government not only provides certainty and stability for business but allows us to harness our combined energies and expertise to make Northern Ireland a fantastic place to live, work and invest.
My right hon.
Friend the Minister of State has reminded the House of the success of the Northern Ireland investment summit last September, which welcomed 180 business investors from around the world, and of our £617 million investment in Northern Ireland’s four city and growth deals.
Recently I visited Washington DC with the First Minister and Deputy First Minister, and it is fair to say that the US business community is now well aware of the amazing opportunities in Northern Ireland and is looking at them hungrily.
The return of devolution has to be built on, particularly as there are still some issues to be resolved.
While some in Northern Ireland concentrate on complaining about the outstanding problems, there are those of us who are committed to resolving them.
The Secretary of State is in a better position than most to help to resolve them.
Will he recommit today to our seeing further moves in the coming weeks in the direction of resolving all the outstanding issues?
I congratulate the hon.